text Once upon a time... in the far off mountains,
there lived three triceratops gruff. Mini Gruff, Middle Gruff, and Mega Gruff. They loved to eat tasty grass. But sadly their field was empty because they
got hungry and ate all the grass. In the distance they could see a field that
was full of green tasty grass. But there was only one way to get there. Over a solid stone bridge crossing a deep
ravine. But under the bridge there lived a tremendously
troublesome troll named T-Rex. And he was always looking for triceratops
to eat. Mini Gruff was the first to reach the bridge. He tried to cross as quietly as he could but
his footsteps on the stone woke T-Rex up! Suddenly! There was a loud roar! "Who's walking on my bridge?!", said T-Rex,
showing his scary face. Shaking, Mini Gruff squeaked, "It's only me!" "I just wanted to eat some of that grass over
there." "Oh no you didn't!" "I'm going to catch you and you'll become my
tasty snack!" "Oh dear!" "I'm just little and I taste real bad." "Let me across." "My older brother's going to follow me over
and he's delicious!" "What?!" "Oh, all right." "Get out of here kid." So, greedy T-Rex decided to wait. Mini Gruff crossed the bridge and started
to eat the tasty green grass. The other triceratops saw this and got even
more hungry! Along came Middle Gruff hungry as ever. His footsteps could be heard on the stone
bridge. "Hey!" "Who's walking across my bridge?" "It's only me." "I've decided to follow my little brother over
so I can eat some of that tasty grass too!" "Oh, no you didn't!" "I'm going to catch you and you'll be my tasty
snack!" "Please sir." "Let me cross." "Besides, I'm too small to fill you up." "I haven't eaten in days!" "But my big brother, he'd make a terrific snack!" "I am getting so tired of these excuses!" "Get out of my sight before I change my mind!" So Middle Gruff scampered across the bridge
and started to graze on the tasty green grass. Along came Mega Gruff. He was really hungry and wasn't happy with
T-Rex at all! He stomped on the stone bridge and T-Rex yelled
at him. "Hey!" "Keep the noise down buster!" "What are you doing on my bridge?" "I'm going to cross over and I'm going to
eat that tasty grass." "Oh no you didn't!" "You're supposed to be my snack!" "It's time to put a stop to your nonsense." "Now get out of my way!" "I'm the T-Rex and I make the rules!" "And now I'm going to eat you!" Mega Gruff backed way up. He snorted. He kicked up dirt and he lowered his giant
spiky head. T-Rex started to lose his nerve. "Hey!" "Hey wait!" "What if I just ate half of you?" "Is that ok?" " I'm not laughing." "Ok. Ok. Ok." "Could you just go away!" "No!" "Well, ok." "Do you want to forget about it and go fishing
instead?" "Hey." "What are those pointy things on your face?" "They kind of look!...." DANGEROUS!" Mega Gruff charged T-Rex. He knocked him off the bridge. T-Rex fell down into the ravine with a big
SPLASH! "That was not fun." "That was hurty!" "Can I come out of my ravine yet?" "Sorry T-Rex." "You tried to eat us!" "And now you're in time out." "Time out?" "But when does time out end?" "Not until!...." "The next EPISODE!" Laughing.... text One New Year's Eve people were running around trying to make it somewhere The stingy old grumpy man Mr. Scrooge was looking at a window from his workplace What nonsense all these people running around in the cold I hate New Year's Eve Mr.. Scrooge sat at his table and began to check the list of all the people that owed him money With hesitation his helper approached him and asked. Is it possible that I leave a little early today You know it's New Year's Eve, and I must buy my son a presents No you may not Mr. Present How ridiculous and why leave it to the last day. You should have bought it earlier with great sadness his helper returned to work at that very moment a door knocked as Grumpy as himself His dog barked at the door Mr. Scrooge's helper opened the door. His young nephew had come to visit him He invited him over to the New Year's dinner Because Mr. Scrooge didn't like New Year's And he thought that the celebrations were nonsense once again like always he refused to go After his nephew had left his tour knocked again. Oh What now! Leave me alone so I can work This time two men entered and asked if it was possible for him to donate some money to the orphans Mr. Scrooge refused to give them money Go on now go go to another door I have no money to throw on the streets. With great sadness the men walked out Later that evening Mr. Scrooge went home, wore his pajamas and sat on his couch and dried that moment Some strange things began to happen windows and doors began to swing There were howling noises coming from the door and scary sounds all around The dog began to bark once again At first Mr. Scrooge didn't take any notice of this, but then all of a sudden a ghost appeared right in front of him Mr. Scrooge had never been so frightened in his whole entire life The ghost was his friend from work who had just passed away With great difficulty Mr. Scrooge spoke You but how can it be? You died, go get away from you leave me alone I haven't done anything wrong Ghosts hands and feet were in shackles. He told Mr. Scrooge due to his selfishness and greediness he was punished and that his punishment was to walk around the world in shackles And so he warned Mr. Scrooge not to make the same mistake he did You go and mind your own business. Your dead! There you have it Okay, then just wanted to warn you Three other girls will visit you one of them will show you your past the other your presence and The last one will show you your future life Mr. Scrooge acted as if none of this had happened and head off to bed Soon after a light caught his eye When Mr. Scrooge opened his eyes a child ghost appeared. It was the ghost from last years new years eve Mr. Scrooge was stunned Hi Now we will take a little trip to the past Ohh, What's happening, help! The ghost took Mr. Scrooge back to his childhood years. And there it was Mr. Scrooge as a child. With his friends in the schoolyard Decorating the tree like a Christmas tree. The kids were having so much fun You could tell child Mr. Scrooge was very happy Later on the ghost took him to his first bosses house when he was a young man They were having a great time with his boss and his family Mr. Scrooge's wife was also there. Together they were dancing and having so much fun And at last the ghost took Mr. Scrooge back to another New Year's Eve Which was in the past but later on in his life? His wife began to cry. Before we used to have so much fun He used to care for me and love me, but now all you love is money. I have no room in your life anymore I think we should part Not being able to stand the sight of this Mr. Scrooge asked the ghost to take him back And suddenly he was home This time round a giant green covered ghost appeared in front of him Now Mr. Scrooge was even more scared. It was this year's New Year's ghost Come with me, let's see what's happening this New Year's Eve Before he had any time to refuse he found himself in his helpers home In his poor helpers home was a very simple dinner table Mr. Scrooge thought that everyone in the family hated him Then he saw that this actually wasn't the case. His helpers stood up and started to talk I want to thank Mr. Scrooge for giving me the opportunity to work and for paying me on time. We're able to eat because of him Even though Mr. Scrooge was nasty to his helper at every chance he got. He was amazed at how thankful he was Later he noticed his helpers sick child The kid was sitting in his wheelchair at the top corner of the table. He looked thin and sick Mr. Scrooge was very sad for the child This child is very ill and hasn't got much time left After hearing this Mr. Scrooge's sadness grew bigger Later on the ghost took him to his nephews home All his family was having so much fun eating They even had an empty seat waiting for him Wish uncle was here with us Mr. Scrooge did not expect to see this He always thought that his whole family had hated him At that moment the ghost told him that it was time for him to die and revealed two kids standing under his jacket It was a girl and a boy But with their skinny figures and scary faces they looked more like two old skeletons than kids Pay attention to these kids. They represent greedy and unconcerned people. When it is time for you to die Pay special attention to the boy The giant green ghost also disappeared. Mr. Scrooge did not quite understand what the ghost was trying to say But suddenly he startled with the sound of the clock It was midnight. This time there appeared a darker and scarier ghost in front of him This one was the ghost of the future. He brought Mr. Scrooge to his own funeral People were gathered at his grave in a graveyard Mr. Scrooge was shocked when he saw his face on his gravestone He saw that people were talking behind his back, and how they were relieved that he was finally gone That moment Mr. Scrooge realized that over the years He had become an even worse person and nobody liked him anymore. People who owed him money were happy with his death And he saw his helper's son's grave Unlike his His son's grave was full of flowers He could not stand to see it anymore He asked the ghosts to take him back Please take me back Now I understand. I'm going to change the way i live. I'm not going to be that stingy old grumpy man I promise you Suddenly he was home Luckily the time wasn't 12:00 yet His dog began to bark Mr. Scrooge noticed it was still that same day. He still had time to change some things With great happiness he jumped out onto the street First he visited the butcher. He bought a big turkey and asked if he could take it to his helpers home then they bought a toy And asked if they could take it to his helpers son. Then he ran and went to his brother's house He joined the dinner his nephew had invited him to. That night they all had a great New Year's Eve together Later on he made sure his helpers Son got the treatment he needed He treated him as if he was his own son He helped the poor he could along with people better And treated them with warmth He was never rude selfish or stingy And nothing was ever going to be the same text Hi, I have lost my phone and cannot reach my parents Can you please help me make a call home? Yes, sure. I can take you to the theatre manager. He will have a phone. Thank you. Tia! What are you doing? We will miss the start of the movie. We don’t even know this boy. You never know how important a glass of milk might be, Tofu. What? What are you talking about Tia? What glass of milk? You’ll know in a minute. Once upon a time there lived a young boy who was very poor. He did odd jobs to be able to buy his daily food and go to school. One day, after school the boy was very hungry. I don’t have money today. And I have no job lined up till the night. How will I make it through the day? Maybe I should just have some water to fill my stomach. So the boy decided to ask one of the houses in the neighbourhood  for a glass of water. He knocked on the first door. A young girl opened the door. I am very thirsty. Can you please give me a glass of water? Yes, wait a minute. The girl saw the boy’s condition and understood how hungry he was. Instead of a glass of water she brought him a glass of milk. The boy was surprised to see the milk. I cannot take this. I do not have any money to pay you for it. It's okay. You don’t have to pay me for it. Thank you very much! The boy drank the glass of milk and felt better immediately. He thanked her and went his way. Many years went by. One day the girl who was now a woman fell very ill. She was taken to the hospital. The tests revealed that she had a rare kind 
of sickness that would need great care for many months. Dr. Philip was assigned to her case. Don’t worry we will take care of you. Thank you. As he had promised Dr. Philip took great care of her. He visited her daily stayed by her bedside at nights and made sure she was always comfortable. After six months of intensive treatment in the hospital the girl was finally well and could go home. But she had a worry. She called the nurse to her room. I am healthy now but I am worried. It is time for me to pay the hospital bill. But I am afraid I won’t have enough money to do so! Oh, you don’t need to worry about it. Your Bill has already been paid What? By whom? Have a look yourself. The girl was astonished. The bill was cancelled across. And in big bold letters it said ‘Paid in full years ago with a glass of milk.’ It was signed by Dr. Philips! The girl couldn’t believe her luck! Dr. Philips was the young boy she had helped many many years ago. Today, he had become her saviour and helper! You never know how your one good deed 
can turn into another good one, Tofu! So never hesitate from helping others. Thanks, Tia. I will always remember this now! text What is your project about Tofu? We have to raise money for the class show. We have to make and sell something. So what have you decided to make? That’s where the trouble is, I can’t think of anything. I wish I had some magic and I could just get as much money as I wanted. In fact I would use the magic to become the richest person on Earth and sit back and relax the whole day. I would do nothing else! well Tofu you do know that there is more in life then only being rich? People like you more when you are honest hard-working and humble. That’s how Aladdin found his Princess and lived a happy life. Aladdin? Who is that? I’ll tell you. Once upon a time, there was a young boy named Aladdin. He lived with his mother and his pet monkey in a poor village of Arabia. The only relative Aladdin and his mother had was a distant uncle who hardly kept in touch with them. One day  when Aladdin and his mother were finishing their daily chores, Aladdin’s uncle showed up. Brother! What a pleasant surprise. How are you sister? How is your son? We are both good brother. It has been many years since you have visited us. Aladdin this is your uncle. You saw him once when you were a little baby. Hello uncle. Oh! What a young lad he has become. But I am sorry to see the state of thing you have to live in sister. I have a proposition. Let me take Aladdin with me and I will find him some work. Once he has earned enough, he can come back to you. Till then, keep this piece of gold to make your living. Oh brother! That is a wonderful idea. It will do Aladdin good to learn some work with you. The next morning  Aladdin and his uncle left They walked through many villages and towns. Till one day they came to a quiet place outside one of the villages. There were many caves and tunnels there. what are we doing here uncle? I have a job for you here. Here, uncle? But there is nothing here except these rocks and caves. Look there, under the tree. There is a large stone with a ring on it.  I want you to lift it. Okay, uncle. as you say Please help me uncle. this rock is very heavy. No, I can’t help you. It is your job  you have to do it. It’s opening! It’s opening uncle! I can see a narrow passage and some stairs leading further down. Very good job my boy! Now I want you to go in there. But before you go here, wear my ring, this is a magical ring. It will keep you safe. Yes, uncle. Aladdin follows his uncle’s directions and goes down the stairs. Once at the bottom he sees that it is a large cave filled with many jewels and gold coins. Pick up the large gold plates and urns fill them up with gold and jewels. Pick up anything else that you thing maybe worth something. Aladdin, does as his uncle had told him. He stuffed the large urns with many precious items and made his way back towards the staircase. On his way out, he saw a small dusty lamp. Although, it didn’t look precious he decided to take it too  and tucked it into his shirt. When Aladdin had reached the top of the staircase he called out to his uncle for help. Here uncle! Please take these urns and then pull me up too. I cannot get out by myself, the opening is too far for me. Yes, yes! Give me the urns. Okay uncle now pull me out. Pull you out! So that you can go and tell everyone where the treasure is? Never! I brought you along because this is a cursed cave. Only a small boy can go in and out of it. I have what I wanted… I don’t have to come back for more for a long time. Saying so, Aladdin’s uncle shut the cave’s opening with large stone that had a ring on it leaving Aladdin behind in the cave. Aladdin was shocked but he stayed patient. Uncle has betrayed us. But I must find a way out and get back to my house. Dear God, show me a way out of here please. Aladdin joined his hands and bowed his head to pray. As he put his hands together his fingers rubber over his uncle’s magical ring. And a creature came out it. Yes master, you called me? Who are you? I am the slave of this ring and whoever wears it. I must obey any one command of the master of the ring and then the ring will be destroyed, freeing me. How may I serve you, my master? Can you please get me out of here and back home to my mother? Yes master! Right away. The next moment Aladdin was home with his mother. His mother was surprised to see him back home so soon  and in such an abrupt manner. My son! You have returned so soon! Where is your uncle? Have you already earned so much money? Uncle cheated on us mother. I will tell you everything, but first give me something to eat. I haven’t eaten anything since yesterday. Aladdin’s mother served him the remainder of the food as he told her what had happened and how his uncle had tricked and abandoned him. I can’t believe my own brother would do this to us, son. I am glad you are home safe now. But the gold coin your uncle gave me has run out and we have nothing to eat now. Don’t worry mother. I have this lamp, I will go into the market and sell it tomorrow. Let us sleep for now. Relieved that they were together Aladdin and his mother slept peacefully that night. The next morning Aladdin asked his mother for the lamp. Mother, I am very hungry. Give me the lamp, I will go sell it so we may have some bread. Here son, take the lamp. But clean it nicely and polish it before you go to the market. A shiny lamp will fetch you more money. Yes mother. As Aladdin started rubbing the lamp clean with his shirt a magical creature appeared from it. Yes master! What is your command for me? Master…?  Are you like the creature of the ring? Yes master, he is my brother. And I know that he freed you from the caves. What is going on Aladdin? Who is this? Don’t worry mother. This is a magical creature of the lamp. He will grant us anything we wish for. Call me Genie, my master. Very well Genie, please get us something to eat. We are very hungry. As soon as Aladdin had said it, several silver plates appeared with a variety of food in them. The genie went back into the lamp  while Aladdin and his mother had a hearty meal. When it was evening, they were hungry again. Its time for dinner. What shall we do? Should I call the genie again? No…look, he has left us with these silver plates. Go and sell them in the market. We will buy bread after that. Aladdin agreed with his mother and took one of the silver plates to the market. He saw a Turkish trader and decided to strike a deal with him. But Aladdin didn’t know the value of his silver tray or how to do business. How much you want for this tray? Please give me whatever you think is fit. I trust you. Okay, take one gold coin. Okay, thank you. The trader was surprised by Aladdin’s innocence and was tempted to tell him that he had made a mistake and that the tray was of even lower value than he had quoted.  But instead he let him go. Such an innocent boy. He didn’t even bother to find out the actual value of the plate. Perhaps I should have given him the fair value. anyways With the gold coin he had got, Aladdin bought food and other necessary supplies for his home. But within a few days, they ran out of all the supplies. So Aladdin went bank to the Turkish trader  and sold him another plate This time the trader gave him two gold coins. Again Aladdin bought food and supplies for his home. This went on for many days  till Aladdin ran out of all the silver plates  Son, there is no food in the house. And no plates to sell as well.  what shall we do now? I will rub the lamp and call the genie again. Yes, master. How can I help you today? There is no food in the house. Can you get us some food? Yes of course master. Once again the Genie brought them food on many silver plates. Although Aladdin had the magic lamp they never used it to satisfy any greed. They continued to live frugally except now his mother started saving a little money from the sale of every silver plate. Like this in a few years’ they had enough money to live a decent life. Aladdin even became a merchant and almost never used the lamp again. One day, he was returning from work he happened to see the Princess as her procession passed from the street. Mother, I am in love with the Princess and I have decided to marry her. I will present her with many jewels and precious things that we have collected over the years. Aladdin went to the King and asked for his daughter’s hand in marriage. The King saw the honesty in Aladdin’s nature and agreed Aladdin married the Princess and showered her with all the riches he had. The news of the happy couple spread across the land till it reached his uncle. So! Aladdin got out and betrayed me. He found a magic lamp and didn’t tell me. I shall kill him with my own hands and get the lamp from him. One day when Aladdin was away at work his uncle went to his home and stole the magic lamp. He then ordered the Genie to transport the whole house into the middle of the desert where no one can find it. What have you done? Where is Aladdin? You will never see him again. Now you are liable to me. You will do as I tell you. Now go and get me some wine and dinner. The Princess did as she was told but as she did so she planned her escape too. She mixed some sleeping powder in his wine and gave it to him. As soon as he had drunk it, he fell into a deep sleep. The Princess quickly reached for the lamp  and rubbed it. The Genies appeared. Yes, Mistress. How may I serve you? Save me Genie. Please find Aladdin and get him here. Yes Mistress. The next moment Aladdin was there. He saw his uncle sleeping and the Genie present. He understood what had happened immediately. He waited till his uncle got up  and then he killed him. he Then told the Genie to take them back home. The Genie did as told  and they continued to live their happy life. Hmmm…So he took the hard way. What a good man Aladdin was. Yes, he was. Well, I think I too want to be honest and sincere like him. I am never going a look for short cuts or be lazy again Tia! I promise! text Aladdin and the magic lamp
2
00:00:11,435 --&gt; 00:00:10,139
In a kingdom far away, there lived a fine young man, Aladdin. Aladdin was handsome, and smart but careless He would while away his time roaming around the market where his mother sold fruits for a living. One day, an old man came looking for Aladdin in the market. Oye, boy! Come here! What do you want? Are you Aladdin? Yes… I am a friend of your father. I am here to help you and your mother. I have never seen you before. Yes, I have lived away from this kingdom. I came to visit you and found that your father is no more. He had once written to me asking for help I can give you some gold if you come with me. I must tell my mother. There is no time. Do you want the gold or not? Aladdin did not trust this man but he wanted the gold. So he followed the old man out of the
kingdom. They stopped in front of a rock in the middle of nowhere. The old man spoke some magical words and the rock moved to reveal a tunnel. He must be a magician. I must be careful. Get down this tunnel. It will lead you to a cave. You will find an old lamp there. Bring it to me. Why don’t you do it yourself? I’m too old. Now don’t waste my time. Go. I don’t see anything. It’s so dark. Here, wear this ring. It’ll show you the way. As soon as Aladdin entered the tunnel,  the ring began to glow and he could see steps going
down the tunnel. He climbed down and found a cave filled with treasure. Wow! So much gold, diamonds, and rubies! And the magician wants an old lamp? Aladdin looked for the lamp and grabbed it. He also filled as much treasure as he could. Come quick, you fool! The tunnel will not be open for very long. Aladdin wanted to get out of the tunnel fast but the weight of the precious stones slowed
him down. Uh… This is heavy. Come on! Faster! Aladdin tried to climb as fast as he could but the tunnel was closing. Throw me the lamp. No, get me out of here. You fool! Give me the lamp or I will leave you here. Aladdin did not trust the magician. He began to remove some stones from his pockets but it was too late. The tunnel had closed. Aladdin feeling lost in the cave clenches his fists in apprehension and rubs the ring on his
finger, out of which a Genie appears  out of which a Genie appears Guhaaahaaha! At your service my master... Who are you and what do you want? Thank you for having brought me to life I grant you three wishes for the favor you have shown me Carefully choose what you want and ask me Oh! That's wonderful Please take me home immediately There you go Master... Suddenly, Aladdin vanished and reappeared outside his home. I’m home! Yes! Aladdin was safe but he wondered why the magician wanted the old lamp. He looked at the lamp and rubbed the dust off it. The lamp started to shiver and a strange looking person came out of it. Make a wish and I will make it come true! Who are you? I am the genie of the magic lamp.  I can make any wish come true. Is that true?  Then make me the richest man in this kingdom. Aladdin’s house trembled and began to change into a huge mansion. His clothes changed to rich garments and all of a sudden he was a wealthy man. Huh? Where’s my house? I’ve never seen this mansion before! Mother! This is our house now. We are richer than ever! How did this happen? Oh mother, it’s all thanks to father’s friend. Aladdin’s fame spread across the kingdom He was now a wealthy young man who was kind and friendly to all. Even the king had heard about him. Who is this Aladdin? I am interested in meeting this man. Summon him to the palace. Aladdin went to meet the king and brought him many gifts. Aladdin! Welcome to my palace. I have heard so much about you. Thank you for all the gifts. Thank you for inviting me my king. Have been wanting to ask you something. Now that I am finally here, I want to ask you Yes. What is it? I want to marry the princess. The king looked at the princess in surprise. The princess had liked Aladdin the moment she saw him. She had heard all the good things about him. The king understood and liked Aladdin too. So he decided to get them married. Celebrations began, everyone was happy except the magician who found out about Aladdin. He was angry and wanted the lamp for himself. The day before the wedding, he went to Aladdin’s house disguised as a lamp seller when
Aladdin had gone shopping. Lamp Seller, lamp seller! New Lamps for Old! I have brought my finest collection to be exchanged for your old lamps Show me your collection and let me see how interesting that is The magician in the lampseller's disguise shows Aladdin's mom the finest of his collection and entices her to exchange the old one for the new Alladin's mother remembers the old unattractive lamp which Aladdin had  and goes inside to
bring the lamp for exchange. Hurray! I never thought this would be so easy. My plan is indeed working Here you go... So saying, she hands over Aladdin's magic lamp in ignorance And here is your brand new lamp out of my finest collection As soon as the magician got the lamp in his hands, he changed back to reveal his true self. Hahaha Aladdin! You have always been a fool. Aladdin was shocked to see the magician. The magician immediately rubbed the magic lamp and out came the genie. Make a wish and I shall make it come true. Genie! Take away all the riches you have given Aladdin.  Send him back to the streets Aladdin’s mansion changed back into his old house and all his treasures vanished. His clothes changed back to how they were earlier. Aladdin was penniless again Make the princess and the King and everyone in the kingdom forget him. People in the market will know him as the fruit seller's son. And I will marry the princess tomorrow. These are my wishes. Hahaha! The next day, the magician and the princess were to be married. Aladdin was heartbroken. No one could recognize him as the wealthy and kind young man. The princess had forgotten him and was getting ready to marry the Magician. Everyone were under the magic of the genie. But Aladdin was not ready to give up.  He tried to enter the palace and stop the wedding. Let me in! I am to be married to the princess. The magician is fooling you all. You?
Will the princess marry you? Hahaha! Go away from here. The soldiers threw Aladdin out onto the streets. There was no way he could go inside That was when he remembered the ring the magician had given him. It was still on his finger because this was not given by the genie This should take me inside. He rubs the ring and the genie appears Guhaaahaaha! At your service my master... Hurry... Take me where the princess is. Aladdin vanished and reappeared inside the palace  where he saw the princess getting
ready for the wedding. He sneaked out of the room but did not know where the magician was Aladdin remembers that he is still left with his last wish from the Genie of the Ring Genie of the Ring, take me to the magic lamp. Lo &amp; Behold! Aladdin vanished and reappeared in the room of the magician. The magician was getting ready too. Aladdin covered his face and entered the room. Your majesty, I have been sent to help you get ready for the wedding Alright, bring me the turban and the shoes. As the magician was busy admiring himself,  Aladdin went looking around the room and
found the lamp.  He grabbed the lamp and rubbed it. Make a wish and I will make it come true. The magician was shocked to see the lamp in Aladdin’s hands. Genie, make the magician forget who he is and make the princess remember me again. Bring back the riches I lost. Aladdin’s clothes changed into rich garments again. The magician walked out of the room wondering who he is. Aladdin thanked the genie and set him free from the lamp. Thank you Aladdin, you will always find a friend in me. The princess remembered Aladdin again and they were married  the same day as it was
meant to happen. The magician roamed the streets of the kingdom like a madman  and Aladdin lived happily
ever after. text Tia! I am getting bored. Will you please stop reading and talk to me? Bored! How can you get bored Tofu?  Why don’t you write a story of your own? I can’t just think up a story Tia. Especially when I am so bored. Looks like you haven’t heard of Alice In Wonderland Once sunny day, Alice was sitting next to her sister  while she was reading  Her sister had been reading books all morning  and Alice was very bored now.  She thought for a while and decided to ask her sister to stop reading.  She was about to do that when she saw a little white rabbit  with pink eyes run past her. I’m late! I have to hurry! I’m late! Saying so he ran into his rabbit hole. Alice was suddenly interested in this turn of events  and she decided to follow the rabbit She went to his rabbit hole and peered down it Suddenly, the hole gave away and Alice fell into it She kept falling for what seemed like a very long time. Will I ever stop falling! What kind of a strange hole is this? At last she landed with a thud  in a big empty room The room had three doors of different sizes She saw the rabbit outside the smallest door before it closed shut But the door was very tiny No bigger than Alice’s new pencil back home. I must get on the other side of that door.  But how will I do that? It is so small. Then Alice noticed a small table in the corner of the room She went to it to find a small bottle of pink potion with the label   ‘drink me’ on it Next to it was a small little key the size of the smallest door’s lock. I think this key belongs to that door.  I wonder what this potion will do to me.  Let me try. And so the Alice took the key in one hand  and drank the potion from the bottle. Suddenly  Alice could no longer see the top of the table The empty bottle of the pink potion became too heavy for her  and fell out of her hand.  She was shrinking! What is happening to me? I am shrinking! Once Alice was small enough to go through the smallest door the shrining stopped Alice quickly ran to the door, opened it  and ran out. She found herself in the most beautiful garden, she had ever seen But she could not enjoy it because she was so tiny  and all the flowers and plants were so big! Oh! I wish I were bigger! Hearing her, the White Rabbit came to her  and ordered her rather rudely. Go to my house and get me my gloves and fan! Alice didn’t know why the rabbit was so rude to her Perhaps he didn’t like being followed. Nevertheless, she decided to follow the instructions  because she was curious and wanted to see the rabbit’s house. When she entered the rabbit’s home she saw a yummy looking cake on the kitchen top It has a sticker on its plate that said  ‘Eat Me’ Alice was really hungry by now She’d even missed lunch!  So she decided to eat the cake As soon as she took one bite, she started growing again! Soon she would not fit into the house She could not see the rabbit’s gloves anywhere  but grabbed his fan  and decided to run out of the house As soon as she came out, she started shrinking again! Oh no! What is this! Will I ever be back to my normal size again? One of my mushroom makes you grow tall  and other side makes you shrink.  Alice turned to see who was talking to her It was a caterpillar sitting on a mushroom. She quickly ate a piece from the side he was pointing  and came back to her normal size. She thanked him for his help and asked How do I get back home? Could you please tell me that? That path leads to the Mad Hatter  and the other one to the Rabbit’s home. This time it was a cat that sat in the tree, that spoke Alice thanked him  and took the path to the Mad Hatter She didn’t want to meet the rude rabbit again. I will meet you in the evening at the Queen’s Palace!  Halt!  To go further, you must answer my question correctly. oh! I love riddles! Please do ask me your question.  Tell me why is a raven like a writing desk Alice thought for a while  but she did not know the answer to the riddle Oh! I don't know the answer to your question.  Could you tell me why? The Mad Hatter was taken a back Never had anyone asked him the answer to his own riddle Oh well! I don’t know either! We don’t know anything here You can go ahead on the path  Hence, Alice proceeded to the Queen’s castle  where a game of croquet was on  The Queen was very unkind and unreasonable  If she didn’t like someone, she would instruct her soldiers  to ‘be off with his or her heads!’ immediately Her guards had made a mistake earlier in the day and so she had turned them into cards for the game When the Queen saw Alice  she instructed her to play with her. You will play with croquet with me and if I lose, it will be off with the head for you! Yes, Your Majesty Alice was very careful but the Queen was terrible at the game  And Alice had to try really hard to lose! Hah! You lost! If I like, I will have your head for it! A trumpet sounded far off and the White Rabbit hopped forward.  The royal court is now in session and you will be tried Tried? For what? I haven’t even done anything! You have been accused of stealing heart shaped  tarts from the Queen’s kitchen First you don’t know how to play croquet  and then you dare steal tarts from my kitchen! You should be punished. Off with her head! This is silly!  I haven’t even stolen anything!   I just reached the castle and started playing with the Queen. She looked at the White Rabbit the Mad Hatter  the Caterpillar  and the Cheshire Cat They were all looking at her and smiling. What is going on? Alice felt someone tapping her arm.  It was her sister Wake up Alice.  You fell asleep sitting next to me.  It is time for lunch  Oh! What a strange dream I had.  I promise I will never complain of being bored while you read! That is such a strange story Tia! Next time you sit to read I too will write my own story instead of getting bored! Okay! But I have to be the first one you tell it to! okay! Tofu? yes text ALICE IN  WONDERLAND It was a lazy Sunday afternoon and Alice was bored. Her sister had promised to play with her but was now busy reading a book. So Alice wandered outdoor and then sat under the tree. While she wondered what to do, she saw a strange white rabbit run by her. What’s that? Oh! I’m late! I’m so late! Must hurry! Is that a rabbit with a coat and a watch? A rabbit with a watch! That’s the strangest thing I’ve ever seen! Alice followed the rabbit. Hey! Wait for me! The rabbit quickly entered a hole in the ground, the rabbit hole! Wait! Alice crawled into the hole to follow the rabbit. Oh no! It’s so dark in here. I wonder where…. Aaaaaaaa… Alice suddenly started to fall. She saw all sorts of things around her as she fell and then landed in a small hall with smaller doors around it. Hey! Stop! Oh no, the door is locked. Alice looked around for a key. There it is! This should work… Yes! The door opened and Alice saw a beautiful forest outside. Wow! I must go there. But I’ll never fit. Alice was stuck in the hall. She didn’t know what to do. I don’t know how to go back and I don’t know how to get out. Oh! someone help me. Alice began to cry. After a while; she looked around the hall and saw that a bottle had appeared
on the table. Drink me? Maybe it’ll help. Alice drank a little and began to grow smaller and smaller. Wait, what’s happening? Alice became so tiny she had to swim through a pool of her own tears. She finally managed to get out. Wow! These are the strange trees. They look like flowers. Oh! They are flowers. I’ve become so tiny that they seem like trees. The white rabbit found Alice walking around and became angry. Hey! Don’t you see we’re getting late? Go and get a pair of gloves and a fan from the house. The house? Yes, that one there... Hurry! Alice ran to the rabbit’s house wondering. Why am I taking orders from a rabbit? Let’s see what’s inside. Alice entered the house and looked around for the gloves and fan. She found them on a table along with a cake. Do I eat it? I’ll just have a bite. As soon as Alice took a bite, she began to grow bigger and bigger till her head
hit the top of the house. Oh no! How am I going to get out of here now? Oh! What’s that in my house? Help! Help!Oh! What’s that in my house? Help! Help! The rabbit called a few other animals that came to help. They began throwing stones into the house. Get out of my house! I can’t! Stop throwing stones at me Then Alice noticed that the stones were just tiny cupcakes. She picked up one and ate it. Soon she was shrinking. She was as small as she was before she had the cake. She ran out of the house and did not look back. Oh! I’ve been growing smaller and larger and smaller. I wish I could just be myself again. You can be yourself again little lady. Alice looked around to see who was talking. It was a caterpillar relaxing on the top of a mushroom. But it seemed to be slipping off the mushroom and pulling itself back up again. I can? But how? Well… You can eat this mushroom. One side will help you grow bigger and the other side will help you grow
smaller. Alice didn’t know which side to eat to become her normal size again. But the caterpillar had slipped and fallen off the mushroom and was moving
away. Wait! Tell me which side should I eat to grow bigger. The caterpillar vanished and Alice had no choice but to try both sides. Oh! I’m smaller than I was! So this must be the piece to grow bigger. Alice grew so big that she reached the top of a tree. Woah! Not this big! She began to eat a bit of both pieces until she was right size again. Hmmm, this looks fine to me. I can stop eating now. Alice didn’t know where to go from there. She kept walking and crying out for
help. Is anybody there? Yes my dear. I am here. Who’s that? Me! And Alice saw a cheshire cat on a tree. She had never seen a cat smile that way. Who are you? You are new to this land. So you must first tell me who you are. I’m Alice. I followed a white rabbit that brought me here. How do I get out? Where do I go now? Well, this road goes to March Hare’s house. The Mad Hatter must be having
his tea party there. Mad Hatter? Oh yes, he’s a little mad, so are all of us and so are you I’m mad? Well; you did follow a rabbit down here. Alice did not like the cat and wanted to leave. So she started walking towards March Hare’s house. I’ll see you at the palace with the queen! The queen? The cat slowly started vanishing until you could only see his smile. Alice wondered who this queen was. She came across March Hare’s house. She saw March Hare and the Hatter having tea at a long table. There was also a mouse sleeping in between them. Sorry, there’s not enough place for you. There’re plenty of empty chairs. Very well then, have some wine. Wine? I don’t see any wine. Because there is no wine, hahaha. Oh! it’s 6 o’clock. Time for a tea party. Why did you offer me wine when it wasn’t there? Why did you join our table when you were not invited? Alright. I’ll go now. Wait, tell me this. How can a crow be used as a writing table. Alice thought this was a strange question and began to think. I… I don’t know. You don’t know? Oh! it’s 6 o’clock. Time for a tea party. But you’re already having a tea party and how many times is it going to be 6? Oh! silly girl, answer the mouse. How can a writing table be used as a crow? What? That’s not what the mouse asked. Looks like she doesn’t know the answer. Do you? No, that’s why we asked you. Oh, you’re all mad. All of you. No wonder you’re called the Mad Hatter. I’m going. They all laughed as Alice walked away from the table. She then found herself in a garden filled with strange people. They looked like playing cards and they were painting the white flowers in red. What are you doing? The queen of hearts only likes red flowers so we must paint them all red. If she sees any white ones left we’ll lose our heads. So this is the queen the cat was talking about. The queen of hearts was here and she looked very upset. I said no white, only red. Guards, take them away. Off with their heads. No! Please my queen. Mercy! Who are you? Alice was afraid she might upset the queen. I’m Alice. I was just… Alice followed her quietly. Someone stole my apple pies. The ones I baked in the shape of hearts. Oh! And we think the Jack of Spades did it. We’ve put him on trial. Alice entered the court with the queen and found a seat in the crowd. She saw all sorts of playing cards around her. Let the trial begin. We have our first witness - The Mad Hatter Oh! The white rabbit is here! The Mad Hatter walked into the court. Did you see the Jack of Spades steal the Queen’s Apple Pie? Yes; I did! When did you see that? At 6 o’clock. Alright! Off with his head. Wait! The Mad Hatter is always at his tea party at 6 o’clock and that’s the only
time he knows. How can you trust him? He’s mad. Your majesty! She did it. I saw her too. She is a thief. Off with her head too! What? Wait. Alice was angry at everyone around her. She saw the cheshire cat appear in the court. He was still smiling at her. Alice realized she was growing bigger with her anger. The more angry she got, the bigger she got. All the cards began to attack her. Stop! Stop it. Get away. Alice! Alice, wake up! Alice woke up from her sleep. She was lying under a tree and her sister was
beside her. Are you alright? You were having a dream. It was all a dream? Oh thank god you’re here! What happened? Nothing. It was just a strange dream. Alright, let’s go home. As they walked back home, Alice thought she saw a white rabbit run behind a
tree. Maybe it wasn’t a dream after all. text ALICE IN WONDERLAND It was a lazy Sunday afternoon and Alice was bored. Her sister had promised to play with her but was now busy reading a book. So Alice wandered outdoor and then sat under the tree. While she wondered what to do, she saw a strange white rabbit run by her. What’s that? Oh! I’m late! I’m so late! Must hurry! Is that a rabbit with a coat and a watch? A rabbit with a watch! That’s the strangest thing I’ve ever seen! Alice followed the rabbit. Hey! Wait for me! The rabbit quickly entered a hole in the ground, the rabbit hole! Wait! Alice crawled into the hole to follow the rabbit. Oh no! It’s so dark in here. I wonder where…. Aaaaaaaa… Alice suddenly started to fall. She saw all sorts of things around her as she fell and then landed in a small hall with smaller doors around it. Hey! Stop! Oh no, the door is locked. Alice looked around for a key. There it is! This should work… Yes! The door opened and Alice saw a beautiful forest outside. Wow! I must go there. But I’ll never fit. Alice was stuck in the hall. She didn’t know what to do. I don’t know how to go back and I don’t know how to get out. Oh! someone help me. Alice began to cry. After a while; she looked around the hall and saw that a bottle had appeared
on the table. Drink me? Maybe it’ll help. Alice drank a little and began to grow smaller and smaller. Wait, what’s happening? Alice became so tiny she had to swim through a pool of her own tears. She finally managed to get out. Wow! These are the strange trees. They look like flowers. Oh! They are flowers. I’ve become so tiny that they seem like trees. The white rabbit found Alice walking around and became angry. Hey! Don’t you see we’re getting late? Go and get a pair of gloves and a fan from the house. The house? Yes, that one there... Hurry! Alice ran to the rabbit’s house wondering. Why am I taking orders from a rabbit? Let’s see what’s inside. Alice entered the house and looked around for the gloves and fan. She found them on a table along with a cake. Do I eat it? I’ll just have a bite. As soon as Alice took a bite, she began to grow bigger and bigger till her head
hit the top of the house. Oh no! How am I going to get out of here now? Oh! What’s that in my house? Help! Help!Oh! What’s that in my house? Help! Help! The rabbit called a few other animals that came to help. They began throwing stones into the house. Get out of my house! I can’t! Stop throwing stones at me Then Alice noticed that the stones were just tiny cupcakes. She picked up one and ate it. Soon she was shrinking. She was as small as she was before she had the cake. She ran out of the house and did not look back. Oh! I’ve been growing smaller and larger and smaller. I wish I could just be myself again. You can be yourself again little lady. Alice looked around to see who was talking. It was a caterpillar relaxing on the top of a mushroom. But it seemed to be slipping off the mushroom and pulling itself back up again. I can? But how? Well… You can eat this mushroom. One side will help you grow bigger and the other side will help you grow
smaller. Alice didn’t know which side to eat to become her normal size again. But the caterpillar had slipped and fallen off the mushroom and was moving
away. Wait! Tell me which side should I eat to grow bigger. The caterpillar vanished and Alice had no choice but to try both sides. Oh! I’m smaller than I was! So this must be the piece to grow bigger. Alice grew so big that she reached the top of a tree. Woah! Not this big! She began to eat a bit of both pieces until she was right size again. Hmmm, this looks fine to me. I can stop eating now. Alice didn’t know where to go from there. She kept walking and crying out for
help. Is anybody there? Yes my dear. I am here. Who’s that? Me! And Alice saw a cheshire cat on a tree. She had never seen a cat smile that way. Who are you? You are new to this land. So you must first tell me who you are. I’m Alice. I followed a white rabbit that brought me here. How do I get out? Where do I go now? Well, this road goes to March Hare’s house. The Mad Hatter must be having
his tea party there. Mad Hatter? Oh yes, he’s a little mad, so are all of us and so are you I’m mad? Well; you did follow a rabbit down here. Alice did not like the cat and wanted to leave. So she started walking towards March Hare’s house. I’ll see you at the palace with the queen! The queen? The cat slowly started vanishing until you could only see his smile. Alice wondered who this queen was. She came across March Hare’s house. She saw March Hare and the Hatter having tea at a long table. There was also a mouse sleeping in between them. Sorry, there’s not enough place for you. There’re plenty of empty chairs. Very well then, have some wine. Wine? I don’t see any wine. Because there is no wine, hahaha. Oh! it’s 6 o’clock. Time for a tea party. Why did you offer me wine when it wasn’t there? Why did you join our table when you were not invited? Alright. I’ll go now. Wait, tell me this. How can a crow be used as a writing table. Alice thought this was a strange question and began to think. I… I don’t know. You don’t know? Oh! it’s 6 o’clock. Time for a tea party. But you’re already having a tea party and how many times is it going to be 6? Oh! silly girl, answer the mouse. How can a writing table be used as a crow? What? That’s not what the mouse asked. Looks like she doesn’t know the answer. Do you? No, that’s why we asked you. Oh, you’re all mad. All of you. No wonder you’re called the Mad Hatter. I’m going. They all laughed as Alice walked away from the table. She then found herself in a garden filled with strange people. They looked like playing cards and they were painting the white flowers in red. What are you doing? The queen of hearts only likes red flowers so we must paint them all red. If she sees any white ones left we’ll lose our heads. So this is the queen the cat was talking about. The queen of hearts was here and she looked very upset. I said no white, only red. Guards, take them away. Off with their heads. No! Please my queen. Mercy! Who are you? Alice was afraid she might upset the queen. I’m Alice. I was just… Alice followed her quietly. Someone stole my apple pies. The ones I baked in the shape of hearts. Oh! And we think the Jack of Spades did it. We’ve put him on trial. Alice entered the court with the queen and found a seat in the crowd. She saw all sorts of playing cards around her. Let the trial begin. We have our first witness - The Mad Hatter Oh! The white rabbit is here! The Mad Hatter walked into the court. Did you see the Jack of Spades steal the Queen’s Apple Pie? Yes; I did! When did you see that? At 6 o’clock. Alright! Off with his head. Wait! The Mad Hatter is always at his tea party at 6 o’clock and that’s the only
time he knows. How can you trust him? He’s mad. Your majesty! She did it. I saw her too. She is a thief. Off with her head too! What? Wait. Alice was angry at everyone around her. She saw the cheshire cat appear in the court. He was still smiling at her. Alice realized she was growing bigger with her anger. The more angry she got, the bigger she got. All the cards began to attack her. Stop! Stop it. Get away. Alice! Alice, wake up! Alice woke up from her sleep. She was lying under a tree and her sister was
beside her. Are you alright? You were having a dream. It was all a dream? Oh thank god you’re here! What happened? Nothing. It was just a strange dream. Alright, let’s go home. As they walked back home, Alice thought she saw a white rabbit run behind a
tree. Maybe it wasn’t a dream after all. text Beauty and the Beast Once there lived a merchant with his three daughters Well, dear daughters, I’m off to the market. What would you like me to bring for you? Oh father, please bring me a beautiful dress. And I would like a lovely pearl necklace. And what can I bring for you, Beauty, my child? Father, I would be very happy if you could
bring me a beautiful red rose. So the merchant set off for the market, and
after finishing his business, he bought the dress and necklace for his two daughters. Ah well, I have finished my business and shopping,
it’s time to head back home. It’s getting late, so I will pluck the red
rose for Beauty on the way. The merchant was half way home, when suddenly
there was a loud clap of thunder with lightning, and it started raining heavily. What awful weather! How am I going to reach home in this fierce
storm? I can’t even see any sign of shelter. Suddenly, the merchant saw a bright light,
and on going near, he saw a beautiful castle. No one seemed to be around, so the merchant
went inside. Oh my, my! A castle in the middle of the woods, and what
a fine spread on the table! Yoo hoo, yoo hoo, anyone there? Strange, no one seems to be around. Ah well, I hope the owner won’t mind if
I help myself to some food. The merchant ate a hearty meal, and then went
to find a place to rest. This is indeed a beautiful castle, and the
bed there looks so iniviting. Just what I need! The merchant was very tired, and fell into
a deep sleep, waking only when the sun peeked in through the windows. Ah, that was a good sleep. The weather seems fine now. I’ll have a quick wash and make my way home. Ooooh! I can smell some heavenly breakfast. Once again, a very fine meal was laid on the
table. The merchant had his fill, and was now ready
to leave. I wish I could meet the owner of this castle
to thank him, but can’t see anyone around. Well, I guess I better be on my way. So saying, the merchant made his way to his
horse, and was pleased to note that his horse had also been given fresh hay. Just as he was about to mount his horse, he
saw a bush with beautiful red roses, and remembered his daughter’s wish. But as he plucked the rose, a horrible looking
beast dressed in royal finery glared at him from behind the bush with eyes blazing. You are an ungrateful man. I gave you food to eat and my bed to sleep,
and this is how you repay me, by stealing my beautiful flowers? You shall be killed for this. Oh, sir, I am very, very sorry. I did not mean to steal. My youngest daughter, Beauty, had asked me
to bring her a rose flower, and I was taking it for her. Well…. I will let you go on one condition. Anything, sir, I will do anything. When you go back, you will send your daughter,
Beauty, to live with me here in my castle. What?!!! Oh, sir…. You can leave only if you agree to my condition. The merchant had no choice but to agree to
the beast’s condition. With a heavy heart, he left the beast’s
castle and returned home. Oh father, I love this dress. I can’t wait to try it on! This pearl necklace is just beautiful. I’m sure my friends will be so envious! Thank you for this beautiful rose father,
but why do I get the feeling that something is worrying you? Oh, my dear, dear Beauty, unlike your sisters,
you know me so well. I really don’t know how to tell you…. You can tell me anything father, I just don’t
want to see you troubled like this. The merchant then told Beauty all that had
happened, and the promise he had made to the beast. My dear, I don’t want you worrying your
pretty head about it. I’ll figure something out. No father, you have given your word. It is because of my rose that this happened,
so I will go to the beast. With a heavy heart, the merchant went and
left his precious daughter at the beast’s castle. Beauty was at first terrified on seeing the
beast, but the beast was so gentle and kind to her, that slowly Beauty lost her fear of
him. The beast is very ugly, in fact, quite frightening
to look at, but he has treated me so well. He is indeed a noble soul. So life went on. Beauty spent her days in the beautiful gardens
of the palace, and the evenings she would sit in front of the fireplace doing embroidery. The beast sat near her, happy just observing
her. However, one day things changed. Beauty, I have been wanting to ask you something
for a very long time. Will you be my bride? Beauty was shocked. She had got used to the beast around her,
but marriage? She could not even think of marrying such
an ugly creature!. Er, I do like you a lot, sir, but the thought
of marriage has never entered my head. It’s all right I am not offended by your answer. No more was said, and life continued as usual. However, the beast understood that Beauty
was missing her family, and one day he gave her a magic mirror. My dear, I know you are missing your father
and sisters. Come, have a look in this mirror. Beauty could not believe her eyes! There in the mirror she could see her father
and sisters so clearly, though they were so far away. Oh sir, you are too kind. I don’t know how to thank you! One day, when Beauty went to the magic mirror,
she was shocked to see her father ill and in bed. She ran up to the beast. Sir, I just saw my father in the magic mirror. He is ill and remembering me. Can you please, please let me go and visit
him? The beast was very angry and stomped out of
the room. However, when he saw how sad Beauty was, he
went up to her. Alright Beauty, I will let you go to your
father, but on one condition. You have to return to the castle in one week. I promise, I promise I will come back. You have been so kind to me, I cannot even
think of breaking my promise. And so Beauty went to visit her sick father. My child, my child! Oh, how I have missed you. I cannot forgive myself for the situation
I have put you in. No, no, father, you must not blame yourself
and make yourself ill. The beast has been extremely kind to me, and
even though I miss you and my dear sisters, I can see you every day through a magical
mirror that the beast has given me. With his precious daughter with him again,
the merchant became well very soon. Beauty was so happy to be with her family
again, that she completely forgot about the promise she had made to the beast. And one night, she had a horrible dream. She saw the beast calling out her name. He seemed to be in a lot of pain, and was
begging Beauty to return to him. Oh, how could I have forgotten the promise
I made to the beast? He has been so good to me, looked after me
so well. I have been so happy with my own family that
I completely forgot about him. Beauty rushed to her father’s room. Father, father! What’s the matter my child, what has happened? Are you not well? I must leave immediately father. I saw the beast in my dream. He was pleading with me to return, and seemed
to be in a lot of pain. I must hurry father. If anything happens to the beast, I shall
never be able to forgive myself. Yes, dear, you must go back, but why don’t
you wait till morning? No father, I must not delay for a minute. The beast needs me and I must go to him immediately. So saying, Beauty quickly got ready and ran
to her horse, and was soon on her way to the beast’s castle. When she reached, she could not see the beast
anywhere. I hope I am not late. I couldn’t bear it if anything happened
to the beast. After being away from him I now realize how
good he was. Oh, where do I look for him? Suddenly, Beauty heard a groaning sound from
the garden. She ran there, and there among his beautiful
rose bushes lay the beast. She then sat down near the beast, and tears
started flowing down her cheeks. I am so sorry that I broke my promise. I didn’t mean to, I really didn’t. Please, don’t leave me. I… I want to marry you, I really do! Suddenly, a miracle happened before Beauty’s
astonished eyes. As soon as she had uttered the words, the
beast began to transform into a handsome young man. Wha… what is happening? Who are you? Beauty, I am actually a prince, the prince
of this castle. An evil witch had cast a spell on me. She changed me into the beast that you saw
me as. Only if someone agreed to marry me the way
I was would the spell be broken. I fell in love with you as soon as I saw you,
and I now know that you a lovely person also. I was afraid to let you go in case you did
not come back. Beauty, will you marry me? I feel I am in a dream. Is this really happening? This is no dream my darling. I am a prince, and you are now going to become
my beloved princess. Come, let’s go and tell your father. I am sure he was very sad that you had to
stay here, but now when he knows the truth, he will no doubt be very happy for us. Beauty and her prince led a long, happy and
loving life. text Once upon a time, there lived a very rich man He had three daughters. Two of them were really greedy and self centered girls but the third one had a heart full of love and kindness One day their dad received the news that his ships had sunk due to the storm Poor man had lost everything and was left with only his little house in the village The two greedy sisters were of course not pleased with this situation All day long all they were doing was sitting around and complaining All the housework was left to Beauty After a while, their father heard that one of his lost ships had made it to the harbour He started to prepare to go to the harbour right away And before he left, he asked his daughters “What should I bring you when I get back, girls?” “Dress, shoes, necklace, and bracelets.” “and what about you Beauty, what do you want?” “Just a rose is fine daddy.” Their father arrived at the harbour after a long journey but neither his stuff on the boat was there nor was the ship usable Sad and tired he started his journey back home It was almost dark when he reached the forest The forest was dark and cold and it was snowing He rode his horse for hours and hours on the snow... ...and finally he saw a castle with the lights on He entered hoping maybe they might help him It was a weird castle The lights were on everywhere The dinner table was full of food and there was fire in the chimney But there was no one to be seen... He called out for someone but no one answered Finally, not being able to wait anymore He first ate some food from the table and then he slept in one of the beds When he woke up in the morning, he found some new clothes next to the bed He went downstairs A nice breakfast was waiting for him on the table "This castle should belong to a fairy or she wouldn’t help me like this." "I wish I could thank her." When he was leaving the castle, he noticed the rose garden I could not grant my other daughters’ wishes At least I can make Beauty’s wish happen. He thought to himself... Just as he picked a rose He and his surroundings shook with a loud roar An evil looking lion like beast appeared from behind the trees The father almost fainted when he saw the beast “I saved your life, I fed you, I gave you new clothes and here you are stealing my roses.” “Is this how you thank me?!” The man went on his knees and begged him said that he wanted to take one of the roses to his daughter “What you did will not go unpunished.” “Please forgive me.” “I will forgive you with only one condition.” “Talk to your daughters." “If one of them agrees to live here with me, I will grant your life.” The man jumped on his horse and sadly head home When at home The two greedy sisters listened to the horrific story their dad went through but did not even hear the Beast’s proposal but Beauty did not behave like her sisters “Daddy, if you allow me, I accept to go next to the Beast.” The two sisters immediately accepted her proposal because they thought that everything that happened was her fault Sad and hopeless her father took Beauty and head to the castle When they arrived Everything was like before The food was on the table and there was no one around just as they sat down and started to eat... The Beast came out Beauty started to shake out of fear Because, the Beast was as scary as her father had told her Beast asked with a soft voice “Did you come here with your own will?” “Yes.” “Then in the morning your father will go away." "And never come back.” When she woke up in the morning, Beauty knew that her father was gone And she found a nice breakfast waiting for her on the table She wandered around in the garden for a while She felt sad when she looked at the roses then she went around in the castle One of the doors was full of roses She wondered... She opened the door and peaked inside The room was decorated just like she would have liked And it was full of books, flowers and musical instruments She thought that someone who can arrange a room like this would not hurt anybody Then she took a book On the book was written in gold letters My dear queen, your wish is my command “I wish, I could see my father now!” As soon as Beauty said it, her father appeared in the mirror across the room Beauty was so surprised Seeing her father made her happy again That night at dinner Beast appeared again “Would you let me watch you Beauty?” “You own the place, why would you ask me?” “No, you own this castle now. If you want, I can leave immediately.” Beauty was very surprised with his answer “I wanna ask you something. Do you think I’m really ugly?" At first she did not know what to say Then she lifted her head to look at Beast and nodded as to say; "Yes." “Well, would you marry me then?” This time Beauty answered harshly “No.” Beast turned around sad and left Beauty alone Beast was visiting Beauty every night at dinner and he treated her very kind As days passed Beauty felt like she was getting used to Beast ”I wish he wasn’t that ugly.” Couple months passed Beauty was no longer scared of Beast She even started to like him But, one day she saw in the mirror that her father was ill She raced next to Beast and asked him to let her go home Cause, she wanted to take care of her sick father “Of course, you can go.” “But, If you don’t come back, I might die from sadness.” “I will come after a week, I promise.” Beast gave Beauty a ring When she would put this ring on her nightstand and fall asleep She would wake up back in the castle The next morning she woke up in her own bed in her father’s house She ran to her father at once When her father saw her, he was so happy that he felt better In the afternoon, Beauty’s sisters, who recently had gotten married, came to visit their father When they found Beauty at home, they were furious with envy and anger And they decided to play a little trick on her “Lets make her stay here one more week. Then the Beast will come and kill her.” The two sisters came next to Beauty, crying, and told her that they didn’t want to be apart Beauty promised to stay one more week Not long after, Beauty realised that she missed Beast One day, she saw a dream where Beast was lifeless on the ground in the castle’s garden She woke up in a sweat “What I’m doing is cruel and selfish!” So, she immediately took the ring off her finger put it on the nightstand beside her and she woke up in the Beast’s castle in the morning She waited for the Beast all day long But, he was nowhere to be seen She waited for hours and hours But, Beast did not come Suddenly, she went running into the garden Beast was lying down lifeless on the ground, just like she saw in her dream Beauty ran next to him and hugged him Beast’s heart was still beating He rarely opened his eyes and spoke with difficulty “I thought you weren’t coming back. I stopped eating and prepared to die.” “But I love you and I want to marry you.” At that instant, something magical happened Suddenly the castle became brighter and more beautiful Beauty looked around stunned and then she turned her head back to the Beast But, where the ugly Beast was lying, now there was a young and handsome prince When she saw him Beauty started to cry “Who are you? And, where did the Beast go?” Prince stood up… and started to tell… “I am the Beast, an evil witch put a spell on me. She turned me into an ugly beast.” “If you hadn’t said that you wanted to marry me, I would have had to live my life as a beast forever.” When she heard this, Beauty was much happier With her good heart she found true love Beauty and The Prince got married and lived happily ever after… text Hi-ya kiddos! It's fairytale time! Once upon a time that was a little
chicken, aptly named Chicken Little. 'Cause, as previously discussed, she was a little chicken. Chicken Little was wee little hen who was known around the kingdom for her good advice. ALL the animals would come to her with their problems. Gus van Goose would ask Chicken Little about his stories when he couldn't come up with a good ending. How 'bout: they all lived happily ever after? Is that good? Yes, my good goose. That's a good ending! Lily Lizardson would ask Chicken Little about sunbathing and proper precautions to avoid sun damage. This will help! Oh my gosh, Chicken Little! Thanks so much! And Turtle Thompson would ask Chicken Little for help when he couldn't think of a rhyme for his raps. Change the color of his head to red! Nothing really rhymes with orange... Ha ha! That's brilliant! Thanks Chicken Little! Chicken Little always had a solution for everything! Well, one day, Chicken Little was eating lunch under a maple tree, when a squirrel rushed by with an armful of acorns! One of these acorns fell and hit Chicken Little right smack dab in the middle of her head! Then the acorn bounced right back up, and into a hole in the tree, leaving no evidence that it was ever there in first place. Chicken Little looked around. She looked up, she looked down, she looked all around, and she couldn't put a finger on what hit her in the head. Well, Chicken Little ALWAYS had an answer for EVERYTHING. So she thought long an hard. CHICKEN LITTLE: [thinking] Let's see, I'm sitting under a maple tree, and I happen to know that all maple trees grow seeds that look like tiny little helicopters. So it couldn't be a seed, and it definitely wasn't a stick. I don't see any robin's eggs anywhere and there's no kids with slingshots anywhere around! There's only one other thing that's up, and that's the sky! The sky must be falling! NARRATOR: This made Chicken Little VERY afraid. And there was only one thing to do: tell the King. Chicken Little packed some of her things in a little bandana, tied it to the end of a stick, threw it over her shoulder, and hit the road! Honk! Hey Chickie, Where are you going? I was sitting under a tree when a piece of the sky fell and hit me! Right. On. The head! Oh my. That must mean... What does that mean? That means the sky is falling! And I must go tell the king! Wow, that's scary. NARRATOR: Well, Gus van Goose was a good goose. One of the best! And so he offered to go with Chicken Little to make sure she got there okay, and delivered the VERY important news. But they'd only traveled a few feet together when-- Hey girlfrieeend, hey Goss van Goose! Where are you 2 guys going? You haven't heard? The sky is falling! A big piece fell. It almost squashed Chicken Little! Whoa, that's scary! That's what I said. You HAVE to tell the King! That's what I said! NARRATOR: And so, Lily Lizardson joined the 2 of them on their journey to tell the King the VERY important news. Well, they only made it about halfway around the lake when-- Hey-o Chickie Pie! You looked stressed. Oh my gosh, the sky is falling! A huge piece hit Chicken Little and almost CRUSHED her! And we decided that it's so important that we HAVE to tell the King! Whoa-ho, you're gonna need some protection girl! That is a LONG trip. I'll come with you! NARRATOR: And so the 4 friends traveled to the King spreading the word as they went. They traveled over the river, through the woods, past grandmother's house, and ALL the way to the King's castle! And when they got there, the King was surprised to see them. What're all of you doing here? Shouldn't you be out in the wild? Get this, King: the world is ending! And what proof do you have? Um, a piece of the sky fell down and almost squashed us! It fell and hit Chicken Little right here, right smack dab in the middle of her head! May I see this piece of sky that you speak of? Um, yeah... Show him the sky, Chicken. Show him what you got! Well, you see... I... I don't have it. Then how do you know it was the sky? It could've been anything. Well, there was nothing above me, except for a tree. And there was nothing on the ground around me after I got hit. And... Aaand? And I always have an answer to everything! So I thought real hard and the only thing I could think of was... KING: That the SKY was falling? Yes, King. Let me ask you something Chicken Little, do you think I always have the answers to EVERYTHING? Yes, King. Of course! Well... I don't! ANIMALS: [gasp] It's true! Sometimes things happen and I don't have any answers as to why! And that's okay. It doesn't mean the sky is falling. So... It's okay to not have the answers sometimes? It'd better be! According to the Queen, sometimes when I have the answer I'm not always right! Sometimes the best thing to say is "I don't know!" But maybe we could figure it out together! NARRATOR: And so, the King travelled back with Chicken Little to take a look at the tree that she had been sitting under. And after waiting around for a while, a squirrel came running by and yelled down to them: Hey, guys! Did you see an acorn I dropped yesterday? I got home and counted my loot and I was 1 short! I think I might've dropped it around here. NARRATOR: They checked inside the hole in the tree, and there was the missing acorn! The squirrel was happy, AND Chicken Little was happy because she learned that the sky was NOT falling and that sometimes, it's okay not to know all of the answers. But that's not the end of Fairy Tale Time! Stay tuned to watch The Princess and the Pea! Hello there, children. Have a seat! Or stand. Do what you like! It's Cool School's Fairy Tale Time! Our tale is one of vegetables and princesses. Yes! It's The Princess and the Pea! Lovely. Once upon a time, there was a VERY picky prince. His socks had to match his shirt or he wouldn't leave the castle. And, he would only eat his peas if they were served with baby carrots, and ranch dressing, and a pickle. VERY particular. His pillows had to be fluffed EXACTLY 6 times each before he could even THINK about going to bed! That little prince grew up, and it was time for him to find a princess and get married. But like always, he was very VERY picky. No, too tall. Too short! Nostrils are too big! Do you prefer dogs or cats? Wrong! I like hamsters. Next! What do you like on your pizza? Pineapple?? Ew! Who do you like better, Spiderman or The Flash? My Little Pony?? Wrong answer! Can you rub your tummy and pat your head at the same time? Next! Who does he think he is... A prince? NARRATOR: Well, actually, yes. Then, one night a TERRIBLE thunderstorm was RAGING outside. A girl, who said she was a princess, but was late because of the rainstorm, and her shoe falling off in a puddle, and her getting a blister on her big toe... Well, anyway, she came to the castle door, Oh my gosh! I'm sorry to bother you but it's literally raining cats and dogs out there and I really must change into some dry clothes. Plus, the rain makes my hair totally frizzy and I just can't deal with that! NARRATOR: But the Prince liked her, because he also didn't like it when his hair got frizzy, He told her to come in, and he quickly asked her the important questions one needs to ask when they're picking a princess. What do you like better: cats or dogs? I prefer hamsters, ha ha! What do you like on your pizza? What? Nothing! That would RUIN the pizza! Spiderman or The Flash? Duh.... Spiderman! NARRATOR: And, she could totally pat her head while rubbing her tummy while standing on one foot! Wow! The Prince REALLY liked her. But he thought she was too good to be true. He just couldn't believe that she was actually a real princess! He did what any good prince does when he doesn't know what to do: He asked his mom, the Queen. She did a quick check on Google. Oh yes! The classic pea test! NARRATOR: The Queen placed on tiny little green pea underneath the mattress in the guest bedroom. If she's a real princess, then she'd feel the pea, and wouldn't be able to sleep! Just to be really, extra, SUPERDUPER, 100 percent positively, COMPLETELY sure, The Queen added another few mattresses, and LOTS of soft feather mattress toppers, and, out of habit, fluffed the pillows 6 times each. That night, the Princess could not sleep AT ALL. Perhaps it was the rainstorm outside, or maybe a bad dream, or maybe it was the PEA! The next morning, when they gathered for breakfast, the young lady couldn't stop yawning! [yawns] How did you sleep, my dear? Oh, the room was lovely, and the pillows were perfectly fluffed! But there was this huge BUMP right in the middle of my back. It was terrible! I thought it was a huge rock, and it kept me tossing and turning all night. Well, I did some digging, and I found this! A pea! A pea, you say? I quite love peas! Oh, so do I. But only with baby carrots and a little ranch dip on the side, maybe a pickle... Mom, it's her! She's the one! The PERFECT princess! NARRATOR: The girl was not only a total princess, she turned out to have a mega ton in common with the Prince! They were both VERY picky, but, they were very picky about all the same things! So they had to get married! Everyone at the wedding agreed: they were the perfect pair. Well, not THAT kind of pear, They were just like peas and carrots, with a little ranch dip, of course. Kind of a fairytale ending, don't you think? But hey, don't go away yet! What do YOU want to see next on Fairy Tale Time at Cool School? Put your ideas in the comments below! Click right over here to watch Rapunzel. And right over here for Sleeping Beauty with Ms. Booksy! Too-da-loo boys and girls! text Welcome to Little Cozy Nook. One fine morning, Chicken Little went out
to the woods. As she walked along, an acorn fell on her
head. Chicken Little was a silly little chicken,
and she often made silly mistakes. Chicken Little thought the acorn was a part
of the sky! Chicken Little was so caught by surprise that
she worked herself into a tizzy. “Oh dear me!” she cried. “The sky is falling. I must go and tell the king!” On her way to see the king, Chicken Little
met Henny Penny. “Henny Penny, the sky is falling!” cried
Chicken Little. “How do you know?” asked Henny Penny. “A piece of it fell on my poor head,”
said Chicken Little, rubbing her poor little noggin with the memory of it. “Then let us go and tell the king!” said
Henny Penny, who now felt quite worried as well. So Henny Penny and Chicken Little ran along
until they met Goosey Loosey. “Goosey Loosey, the sky is falling!” cried
Henny Penny. “How do you know?” asked Goosey Loosey. “A piece of it fell on my poor head,”
said Chicken Little. Goosey Loosey looked at Henny Penny, who nodded
in agreement. “Then let us go and tell the king!” said
Goosey Loosey, who could not help but believe her friends. So Goosey Loosey, Henny Penny, and Chicken
Little hurried along until they met Ducky Lucky. “Ducky Lucky, the sky is falling!” cried
Goosey Loosey. “How do you know?” asked Ducky Lucky. “A piece of it fell on my poor head,”
said Chicken Little. Henny Penny and Goosey Loosey stood nodding
their heads, wide-eyed, next to Chicken Little. Ducky Lucky looked at her three friends, and
became worried because they were so worried. “Then let us go and tell the king!” said
Ducky Lucky. So Ducky Lucky, Goosey Loosey, Henny Penny,
and Chicken Little ran along until they met Turkey Lurkey, who was certainly the biggest
of the birds. “Turkey Lurkey, the sky is falling!” cried
Ducky Lucky. “How do you know?” asked Turkey Lurkey. “A piece of it fell on my poor head,”
said Chicken Little. Henny Penny, Goosey Loosey, and Ducky Lucky
stood behind Chicken Little, flapping their wings with worry. “Then let us go and tell the king!” said
Turkey Lurkey, for who was he to disagree with four scared friends? So the five feathered friends ran along until
they met Foxy Loxy. “Foxy Loxy, the sky is falling!” cried
Turkey Lurkey. “Oh, is that so?” said sly Foxy Loxy,
who knew better, but pretended to believe the five trembling birds. “If the sky is falling, you’d better keep
safe in my den, and I will go and tell the king for you.” So Chicken Little, Henny Penny, Goosey Loosey,
Ducky Lucky, and Turkey Lurkey followed Foxy Loxy into his den. The dust in the den made Chicken Little sneeze. Achoo! The force of the sneeze made Chicken Little
come back to her senses. “Wait!” cried Chicken Little. “Birds are supposed to stay away from foxes!” Henny Penny, Goosey Loosey, Ducky Lucky, and
Turkey Lurkey looked at each other in amazement. “You are right!” they cried. And so the five feathered friends ran out
of the cave and never went back there again. And from that day on, they thought very carefully
before believing that the sky was falling again. text ChuChu had a loose tooth. And she was worried about what would happen when it came out. Mom, my tooth is wiggling. Will it come out? Yes, ChuChu Your wiggly tooth is a baby tooth. Baby teeth all fall out as you grow up. What should I do with my baby tooth when it comes out? You can leave it for the Tooth Fairy. She’ll take it and give you a gift in exchange. The Tooth Fairy? What will she do with my tooth? She’ll take it to the sky and turn it into a star! Your tooth will twinkle and shine and make the night bright. ChuChu kept thinking about the Tooth Fairy, and she stopped worrying about her loose tooth. Later that day, ChuChu picked up a crunchy apple and just as she bit into it, her tooth came out. Huh? Mom, look! My tooth came out. ChuChu and her mother washed the tooth. You must put this tooth under your pillow when you go to sleep tonight. The Tooth Fairy will come and take it while you’re sleeping. She’ll turn your tooth into a star. And in no time, you’ll grow another tooth. The new tooth will be stronger and last for the rest of your life. At bedtime, ChuChu put the tooth under her pillow. Goodbye, little tooth! The Tooth Fairy will come and take you I’ll see you again when you’re a star! Then ChuChu fell fast asleep. When she woke up the next morning, she found that the tooth was no longer under her pillow. Huh? She also noticed a gift lying next to her pillow. It was wrapped in shiny paper. Huh? There’s a gift here! I wonder who it's for! The Tooth Fairy has left that for you, ChuChu. She’s also left you a note too. Really? ChuChu quickly unwrapped the gift. It was a beautiful doll. There was also a nice new toothbrush. What a pretty doll! And this toothbrush is lovely! I wonder what the note says. ChuChu then read the note. Dear ChuChu! Your tooth is now a shining star. You’ll grow a new tooth in its place. You must brush it and all your other teeth nicely. Twice every day! You must drink milk and eat plenty of fruits and vegetables too. That’s the best way to take care of your teeth. ChuChu took very good care of her teeth. She brushed them twice a day. And whenever she looked at the stars, she wondered which one of them had been her tooth. text The Mermaid Princess Good morning, mother. Where are my princesses? Oh, they are all doing their work. You have brought up my daughters well mother. Yes, they are growing up to be beautiful and
wise mermaids. The six beautiful mermaid princesses come
gliding into the queen’s chamber. Grandma, look at the beautiful things we have
collected. The queen looks at her youngest granddaughter. My child, you do not seem to have brought
back anything. Grandma, the beautiful red flowers outside
the castle give me more pleasure. And I am happiest when you tell me tales of
the wonderful world above the sea. You shall see everything once you turn 15. Oh grandma, that is so long, long away. Till then your sisters will tell you what
they see. When the eldest princess turned 15, she rose
above the sea to see the world beyond. Hello grandma. Oh, dear sisters, I lay on a sandbank under
the shining moonlight. I saw glimpses of a town and heard the sounds
of music, and I even saw carriages go past! Soon it was time for the second princess to
see the world. When I rose up, the sun was setting and looked
like a ball of orange fire. Soft clouds floated about lazily, and a flock
of graceful white swans flew past. It was like a dreamland! It was now time for the third princess to
rise to the surface. Oh, dear sisters, I swam up a wide river. You cannot imagine the sights I saw! Green hills, magnificent trees and plants! And I even saw little human children! But then a weird creature came running towards
me, making awful noises, and I had to quickly swim away. The children were asking why the dog was barking
so much, so I guess that horrible thing was a dog. Soon came time for the fourth princess to
venture forth to see the world. But she was very shy and just stayed in the
ocean. Er, well, I stayed in the middle of the ocean. But I did see some naughty dolphins splashing. There were also some huge whales, but I was
scared to go near them. What!! You really did not go near the land? How can you be so boring? You can see the sea anytime, you silly thing. finally the youngest princess turned 15. Well, my precious, your dream is now going
to be fulfilled. Go The princess rose above the sea. Ah! The colour of the sea is like emeralds, the
icebergs look like beautiful pearls. The stars above are glittering like the diamonds
on grandma’s tiara! Soon, the princess’ curiosity was aroused
by a ship afloat nearby. She swam close to it, and every time the waves
lifted her up, she could see the people on the ship. They were singing and dancing, as though celebrating. What beautiful clothes they are wearing! Suddenly, the princess saw the most handsome
young man with beautiful brown eyes. As she was gazing at him, everyone on the
ship started clapping. The princess realized that this grand celebration
was for his sixteenth birthday. Oooooh!! He is sooo good looking, and such a sweet
sixteen to my fifteen! Suddenly, the calm of the sea soon turned
into a restless grumble, and the lashing waves and heavy clouds and lightning indicated a
massive storm brewing up. The huge waves tossed the ship about, and
the ship tilted over. To her dismay, the princess saw the prince
sink into the deep waters. Oh, my darling prince is going down into the
ocean. Maybe I can now live with him. What am I thinking of? Humans cannot live under water! I have to save him. The princess looked frantically all around
and finally spotted the prince. She held him in her slender but strong arms,
swam with him to the surface of the water. Then, keeping his head adrift, she led him
to a beach. The next morning, the sun rose on a once again
calm sea. The prince’s eyes remained closed, but the
sun’s rays brought some color to his ashen cheeks. The princess kissed his high and smooth forehead
and stroked back his wet hair. Suddenly, she heard the chattering of some
young girls, and quickly swam away and hid herself among some high rocks. She watched as one girl approached the prince,
and then went to call others for help. My darling prince is coming to life, how happy
I am! Will he remember how I saved him? The princess slowly made her way to her father’s
castle. She became very quiet, and did not tell her
sisters what had happened. Often she would visit the place where she
had left the handsome prince, but she never saw him and became more sad. Finally, she shared her misery with her sister. Oh, my dear, why did you not share this with
anyone? Don’t worry, we will see what we can do
to help you. Thank you, dear sister. I was afraid you would make fun of me for
falling in love with a human prince. Well, it is very foolish, but you are our
sister and we have to help you. Sisters, my friends know where the prince’s
palace is. What are we waiting for? Let’s go.. The princesses rose to the surface near the
prince’s palace. The palace sure is very beautiful. Ohhh! Those beautiful marble statues! I wish one of them would kiss me! Stop acting silly. Oh, I was just kidding. I think I better take you all back home before
you create any trouble. The princesses reluctantly made their way
back to the castle. Now I know where my darling prince lives,
I can come anytime to see him. I wonder if he remembers I saved his life? The princess now wanted to know more about
humans, so she went to her grandma. Tell me grandma, do humans never die? Silly child, of course humans die. They live shorter lives than us. When we die, we become the foam on the water’s
surface, but humans have immortal souls and only their body dies. Grandma, how can I get an immortal soul? Well, if you found a man who loved you so
much that he would be willing to marry to you, that could happen. But child, the fish tail that you have, which
is considered so beautiful in our world, is considerd ugly in the human world. I will not give up my love so easily. Let me see if the sea witch can help me. Ah! Who do we have here? Come, come, I have been expecting you. So, the princess wishes to become a human
to win over the heart of her charming prince. Ha ha ha! Oh madam, please help me. I will give you a magic potion. Swim with it to land tomorrow before sunrise
and drink it on the shore, and you will be transformed into a beautiful and graceful
young lady. Really, will you do that for me? Hold your horses, princess. When your fish tail changes to two human legs,
you will feel a searing pain, and every step you take will feel like you are treading on
sharp knives. Once you become a human being, you can never
become a mermaid again, never be able to go down to the depths of the sea to see your
family. Oh, I will do anything for my love. My price for granting you this wish would
be your sweet voice. What!!! Oh, how can you be so cruel? Well, I am a witch, you know. How will I tell my prince of my love? You can show your love for him with your expressive
eyes! Thus the princess changed to a human. She had severe pain when it happened, but
her pain seemed to vanish when she saw the prince. And the prince also could not take his eyes
off the beautiful maiden. Where have you come from, pretty lady? The princess could not reply and just stared
at him. You cannot speak? The princess shook her head, and seeing her
pained expression, the prince took her hand. Hey, it’s okay. I can see in your eyes what you are thinking. Come with me to the palace. The mermaid was dressed in beautiful clothes
and precious jewels. The king and queen were enthralled with her
beauty and grace. Everyone enjoyed the graceful dance movements
of the princess, which she performed with severe pain. Very often, the princess would catch a puzzled
look on the prince’s face, and one day he asked her. I don’t know why, but you seem very familiar. However, the prince did not show any signs
of recognizing her, and the princess’s hopes began to fade. Soon, she heard the prince was going to marry
the princess of a neighboring kingdom. Oh no! If the prince marries someone else, that will
be the end of my life as a human. The prince’s wedding was to be held on a
ship. The mermaid princess gazed mournfully at the
ocean, and suddenly spotted her sisters, all of them with their heads shorn of their beautiful
tresses, waving wildly at her. What are you all doing here? And what have you all done with your beautiful
hair? We could not see your misery anymore, so we
begged the witch to give you back your voice in exchange for our hair. Thank you so much dear sisters, but the prince
is marrying someone else. You silly girl, go and tell him, you can speak
now. No, I cannot do it, even if it breaks my heart. The princess dove into the ocean, knowing
she would drown as she was no longer a mermaid. Someone saw her jumping and ran to inform
the prince. The prince dove down after her and brought
her up. Now I remember why I thought I knew you! You are the one who saved me in the shipwreck. I love you my darling, and it does not matter
to me if you cannot speak. The prince took the mermaid princess to the
ship. Father, forgive me, but I cannot marry anyone
else. This is my beloved. The prince placed the wedding band on his
beloved’s finger. As soon as he did so, the princess’s melodious
voice returned. My darling, you can speak? Oh, this is the happiest day of my life! Ah! I can now look forward to a wonderful life
with my beloved prince, and see my sisters when they come up from the sea. Cinderella There once lived a pretty young girl called
Cinderella, with her father, stepmother, and two stepsisters called Drizella and Anastasia. The stepmother and her daughters were very
cruel, making Cinderella do all the chores. Cinderella, Cinderella! Look at the time! Cindrella still hasn’t brought in my tea. Ooooh! I feel a headache starting. I’m sorry mother, I was …….
Stop making excuses you lazy girl. Just then, Anastasia calls out for Cinderella. Where has that lazy thing gone? Where is my dress you were supposed to iron? I was just going to bring it up to you. Look at you, you filthy thing. Wash yourself before you touch my dress. Dirty wretch! This was poor Cinderella’s life. Every day she toiled from morning to night,
doing all the household work. Every night, tired, she went up to the attic,
where slept on a bed of straw. One morning, when Cinderella was in the kitchen,
she heard her stepmother and sisters talking very excitedly. Mama, this is an invitation for the prince’s
ball! He has invited all the pretty ladies of the
kingdom to find his bride among them. Mother, Anastasia, we have to visit the dressmaker
to make beautiful gowns. Ooooo! I am so excited. I am going to get a green gown and wear my
lovely emeralds with it! And I will get a gown in ice blue and wear
my dazzling diamonds and sapphires with it. My daughters will be the belles of the ball,
I’m sure. The next few days, Cinderella’s stepmother
and stepsisters visited dressmakers, hair stylists, jewelers and shoe shops, while poor
Cinderella did all the work. Finally, the day of the ball arrived. With Drizella, Anastasia and their mother
getting dressed, each kept calling out for Cinderella to help them get dressed and make
last minute touches to their makeup. The coach has already arrived. We better leave if we are not to be late. Cinderella’s father, stepmother and step
sisters left for the ball, and Cinderella kept looking till they were out of sight. She then went to the kitchen and sat down
among the cinders. Oh mama, why did you go away and leave me? Suddenly, a blue light filled the room. Cinderella rubbed her eyes to see clearly,
and saw a queer old lady with soft white curls on her head. Her dress had flounces, and jewels sparkled
on her dress. In her hand she had a wand, the tip of which
glowed blue. Who … who.. who are you? I am your fairy godmother. Now now, stop crying and tell me what the
matter is. N..n.. nothing, nothing is the matter. Hummm. Then, why are tears streaming down your cheeks? Ah, I see. You are upset because you could not go to
the prince’s ball with your parents and sisters. Now stop crying. You are going to the ball. Really? I can go to the ball? Of course, my dear. But how, godmother? I have nothing to wear and no way of going
there. Hmmmm,... Can you get me a large pumpkin? A pumpkin? What for? You ask too many questions, child. Just do as you are told. Cinderella brought a big fat pumpkin from
the garden. The fairy touched it with her wand, and before
Cinderella’s amazed eyes, the pumpkin changed into a beautiful coach. Now we need six horses to draw the coach. Go and fetch me six mice. Cinderella quickly got the mouse trap from
the kitchen corner. The fairy touched the mice with her wand,
and they immediately turned into six beautiful horses. Next, the fairy godmother changed a nice fat
rat with big whiskers to a coachman, and six lizards into footmen. Well, there we go, all set for the ball. Now why do you have that gloomy look on your
face? Fairy Godmother, how can I go to the ball
dressed in these rags? Silly child, I haven’t forgotten about your
clothes. Come here, stand in front of me. One touch of her wand, and lo and behold! She was transformed into an absolutely beautiful
princess, in a shimmering dress of gold and silver, with shining precious stones. Her hair was piled up into a fashionable style
with a dazzling tiara on top. And, on her small, slim and pretty feet were
two pretty glass slippers. .
Oh godmother, is this me? Yes dear, it is indeed you. You are beautiful to look at, and a loving
soul also. Now off you go to the ball. Cinderella hugged her fairy godmother and
started towards the coach. Just a minute, child. Remember, my power will stop at the stroke
of midnight. The coach shall become a pumpkin, and you
shall be back in your rags, so make sure you are home before the clock strikes midnight. I will remember that. Thank you so much for everything, and goodbye. Cinderella sat in the fancy coach and left
for the ball. When she reached, the ball had already started. As Cinderella stepped in, everyone turned
to look at her. Cinderella stood uncertainly at the door,
when the prince himself came forward to guide her in. I don’t think I have ever seen anyone as
beautiful as you. Would you please dance with me? Cinderella let the prince guide her to the
dance floor. She couldn’t believe that the prince himself
wanted to dance with her! Who is that creature, Anastasia? Doesn’t she look familiar? She is a bit pretty, but she can’t compare
with us. The prince shall soon leave her and make his
way to us. However, the prince couldn’t take his eyes
off Cinderella. Cinderella had never enjoyed herself so much
in her entire life. When she glanced at the clock, it was about
to strike twelve. She pulled herself away from the prince and
ran down the stairs. In her hurry to leave, one of her little glass
slippers fell off. The prince ran after her, but Cinderella was
nowhere in sight. As he turned away, Cinderella’s little glass
slipper caught his eye. This is the slipper of the lovely lady I have
spent the evening with. This has to be love, for I cannot think of
a life without her now. Oh, my love, I will find you and will make
you mine. The next morning, the prince called for his
courtiers. Take this glass slipper to every corner of
the kingdom till you find the fair lady whose foot it fits. The courtiers went to each and every home
to search for the prince’s sweetheart. Finally, they reached the house where Cinderella
lived. We have been sent by the prince. All the fair ladies in this house are requested
to please try on this slipper. The one whose foot fits this slipper shall
be the prince’s chosen wife. Drizella, Drizella, come quick. The prince’s courtier has come with a slipper. The prince will marry the one it fits. Oh, I’m sure I’m going to be the chosen
one. You may try it on also if it makes you happy,
sister. Humph! Always full of yourself as usual. Here, boy, let me try it on. Anastasia tried the slipper on, but no way
would her large foot fit into the tiny slipper. I don’t think that slipper can fit anyone
other than a child. Drizella then tried the slipper. Her foot was slimmer than Anastasia’s, but
it would not fit into the slipper, though she tried to squeeze it in in every way possible. Excuse me, ladies, is there any other lady
in this house? Of course not! You are just wasting your time. No way will this fit the foot of a lady. As the courtiers were about to leave, they
caught sight of Cinderella near the kitchen door. This young lady has not tried on the slipper. Please, this way… Oh, I don’t think… Come, come. Every lady must try it on. Cinderella came forward shyly and hesitantly
to try on the slipper. She slid it on, and the slipper fit her perfectly. Her stepmother and sisters were shocked.. When did she go to the ball? I don’t believe this! Oh, will someone get me my smelling salts? We have good news, Prince. We have with us the young lady whose foot
perfectly fit the glass slipper. The prince immediately recognized Cinderella,
even though she was not wearing the grand clothes that she was wearing on the day of
the ball. The king and queen were also overjoyed that
their son had chosen such a beautiful bride. My darling, I would have recognized you no
matter what you wore. You have stolen my heart, and I cannot wait
to make you my princess. There was great feasting and rejoicing in
the kingdom when the prince married Cinderella. Cinderella’s family was also invited, who
were very repentant of the way they had treated her. However, the good soul that Cinderella was,
she forgave her family. I am blessed to find such a wonderful husband. I shall request him to allow my family to
stay at the palace also. I wish I could see my dear godmother just
once more to thank her. Cinderella and her prince lived happily for
many years, ruling wisely over their kingdom. text Once upon a time, there lived a very wealthy man. He had a sweet and kind-hearted daughter. Since the man's wife had died, he married again, hoping his new wife would be a good mother to his daughter. But the man's new wife turned out to be a mean and selfish woman. And she had two daughters who were just like her. They were all so rude and mean that the man grew very unhappy and went to work far away. And so the man left leaving his daughter with her stepmother and stepsisters. The poor girl was loving and kind to her stepmother and stepsisters. But they would very mean to her and turned her into a servant. They even changed her name to Cinderella since her face grew dusty from the cinders that she would clean in the fireplace. Haha! Your face is always full of cinders! We will call you Cinderella! Cinderella! Hahahaha! One day, a royal messenger came to the house. The king and queen have invited all the young ladies who live here to a ball tomorrow evening. Their son, the prince,  will dance with all the young ladies and choose a bride. The invitation made everyone very happy. I can't wait to dance with the prince! I hope he chooses me as his bride! I will make sure that my daughters are the best dressed amongst all the young ladies at the ball. On the day of the ball, Cinderella's stepmother bought the best clothes and shoes for her two daughters. But she didn't get anything for Cinderella. Mother, I'd like something new to wear to the ball too. I don't have anything other than these clothes. Cinderella, these clothes are just right for you because you're a servant girl. And as you know servant girls shouldn't dance with princes or come to balls. Hahahahaha! Poor Cinderella! She sat at home and cried while everyone else went to the ball. Suddenly, a kind and beautiful fairy appeared. Hello, Cinderella! Hello! Who are you? I'm your fairy godmother. Would you like to go to the ball? Huh? I'd like to but I can't. I don't have nice clothes to wear, or a carriage to travel in, you see. You will have everything you need to go to the ball as soon as I wave my wand! And Cinderella's old clothes turned into a shimmering evening gown. Her slippers turned into delicate glass slippers. Huh? Wow! The fairy godmother then took Cinderella to the garden. She waved her wand again and turned a pumpkin into a shining golden carriage. The fairy godmother also turned the mice playing in the garden into horses, a rat into a coachman, and a lizard into a smart footman. I can go to the ball now. Thank you, fairy godmother. Enjoy yourself, Cinderella! But be sure to return by midnight. As my magic will disappear after that. And the beautiful dress that you are wearing, the coachman, the footman, and the horses will all turn back into what they were before. I will be back by midnight, fairy godmother. Goodbye. So Cinderella left for the ball Cinderella looked so beautiful that everyone turned to look at her the moment she entered the palace. And the prince was so charmed by her that he only wanted to dance with her. May I please dance with you? Huh? Yes! No one recognised Cinderella and she felt very happy dancing with the prince. The prince felt that she was the kindest, most beautiful young woman he had ever met. Who is that girl? The prince only wants to dance with her. I have never seen her before. She must be a princess or someone very wealthy. Time flew by as Cinderella danced with the prince. And in no time, it grew close to midnight. I'm sorry, Prince. But it's time for me to leave now. Wait!  Please tell me your name and where you live? So we can meet again. Cinderella reached her house just as the clock struck midnight. And right after that, the magic disappeared. Only the glass slipper on Cinderella's foot remained unchanged. The very next day, the royal messenger came to the house with the prince. Oh, it's the prince! He must be wanting to marry me! No! Me! The messenger was carrying the glass slipper that had fallen off Cinderella's foot. We are looking for the owner of this slipper. The prince will marry whoever this slipper fits. This slipper is mine! It's too big for my foot! Uhhhh! Its too small for my foot! The prince noticed Cinderella standing in the corner. And though she looked very different from the way she had looked at the ball, he walked right up to her. Please, would you try this slipper on? You are the one who I danced with last night! You are my princess! Yes, she is! Huh? Cinderella and the prince had a grand wedding. They invited everyone to the celebrations and left no one out. Cinderella even invited her stepsisters and stepmother who decided to be as kind and loving as Cinderella. Cinderella and the Prince then lived happily ever after. text Long ago in a far away land, there lived
a young girl named Cinderella Cinderella was kind and smart and
beautiful. When Cinderella was very young she had a happy life,
then one day her mother died soon after her father
decided to marry again. The woman he married had
two daughters of her own Noddy and Doddy. Cinderella's stepmother
and stepsisters were not kind. Cinderella's stepmother gave her daughter's
beautiful gowns of finest silk and dazzling jewels and toys. To
Cinderella she gave nothing and then sadly
Cinderella's father died too. Cinderella was left all alone in
a large house with her two mean stepsisters and aweful stepmother.
Cinderella's life was hard her stepmother made
Cinderella a servant in her own home Every morning Cinderella had to
rise before dawn to do the cooking the cleaning, the laundry,
the baking and the gardening as well as
take orders from Noddy and Doddy all day long By the end of the day
Cinderella was so exhausted she would occasionally fall fast asleep,
curled up by the fire near the Cinder and the ashes.
This is why she was called Cinderella.
Though her clothes were tattered and her face and
hair were covered in ashes and soot. Cinderlla was still
beautiful and had a kind and cheerful heart. Noddy and Doddy 
teased Cinderella all the time "Your clothes look like dirty
diapers" Noddy would shriek "Your face looks like a bucket
of mud" Doddy would say. Then they would laugh
and eat chocolate and ham sandwiches while watching Cinderella
work. Cinderella's stepsisters were as ugly on the inside as they were on the outside One Day a page from the castle arrived at
the house with an invitation. The prince is hosting a grand ball in three days time. He
is hoping to find a bride. Every eligible young woman shall come and
meet the Prince. Noddy and Doddy were very excited. "I'm
going to marry the Prince" Noddy exclaimed. "Why should you
marry the prince you look like a rotten potato" Doddy shouted. Noddy
and Doddy were just about to get into a very large fight when they heard
Cinderella ask "May I go to the ball ?" For a moment two sisters stared at
each other, then they laughed so hard they rolled around on the floor laughing.
"You'll go to the ball" Doddy trottled "that's the silliest thing
I've ever heard" Noddy giggled "Can you imagine our Cinderella married
to the prince" Doddy exclaimed which made the girls laugh till they heard "Girls! what is going on here ?" Cinderella's stepmother yelled as she
entered the room. The girl's stopped laughing and yelling to tell their
mother what had happened "don't be silly of course
Cinderella may go to the ball" said the the stepmother.
The girls were very confused! this they did not expect.
Noddy and Doddy began to protest when
their mother continued "She may go to the ball if all of her chores
are completed and she has sewn herself a new dress all that day and the next, and the next Cinderella's stepmother gave Cinderella
a long list of chores to do everyday from morning until Noon. Cinderella
scrubbed, and mopped and polished. There was no time to make a new dress.
On the night of the ball Noddy and Doddy were
dressed up in their finest gowns and followed their
mother out of the door to the waiting carriage Cinderella silently
watched them go, she did not have any dress so she could not go to the ball.
Sadly Cinderella wandered out to the garden.
There she sat on a bench and cried. Suddenly a
little old lady with wings and wand was floating right
in front of Cinderella. "Cinderella" said the lady,
I am your fairy godmother Since it is your wish, you would
go to the ball, "but How? " asked Cinderella "I have no
dress and no way to get there" "run quick and fetch me four
mice, a pumpkin and the lizard from the garden. Cinderella
did so as fast as she could First the fairy godmother touched
the pumpkin. Poof the pumpkin was transformed into a dazzling coach.
Next she touched the four mice Poof the four mice turned into
four beautiful white horses then the fairy godmother
touched the lizard. Poof the lizard turned into a stately
Coachmen in uniform. Cinderella was very surprised to see them. "Now!" said the fairy godmother "Since you are so kind and smart, I
will make you as beautiful on the outside as you are on the inside" The
fairy godmother touched her wand to the Cinderella's torn dress. And Poof,
Cinderella's rag became a beautiful ballgown. and on the Cinderella's
feet were two delicate glass slippers. "Enjoy yourself
at the ball" said the fairy godmother but "be warned that My magic will end at midnight,
and everything will as it was before" "Oh thank you, thank you"
cut Cinderella as she run into her coach and she
sped off to the castle When Cinderella arrived to the ball
everyone stared at her, she was the most beautiful woman there. She
looked so different that even her stepsisters and stepmother
did not know who she was the prince thought she was beautiful too.
when he talked to her he also discovered that she was kind, smart and funny too.
the Prince danced with Cinderella all night long,
and Cinderella never had so much fun. Suddenly Cinderella noticed
that the clock was about to strike midnight "I had a lovely evening"
Cinderella told the Prince. "But I really must go now". With that she gathered
up her skirt and fled out of the castle leaving the Prince very startled "Wait"
he cried "I don't even know your name!" he chased after her but Cinderella had
vanished into the night, then the prince found the glass slipper on the
staircase, in Cinderella's haste to leave the slipper
had fallen off of her foot and she didn't have time to go back Prince had a great idea! I will search every house in my kingdom I
will find the woman who fits this slipper and I will marry her
if she would like to marry me. Next day the prince began his search.
He went to every house in his entire kingdom
but still he could not find the woman that
fit the glass slipper Finally, he arrived at the Cinderella's
house. Noddy was the first to try on the slipper but her foot
was much too fat. Next Doddy tried on the slipper but her foot was much too long.
Desperate the Prince asked, "are there any other
young women in the house". "only our maid servant" Cinderella's stepmother snorted "but she
didn't go to the ball" "I would like her" "to try" said the prince
and they had to obey him because he was the prince.
Cinderella came out of the kitchen and tried on the slipper It fit her feet perfectly.
The prince smiled at Cinderella and nervously asked
her "will you be my bride" "I most certainly will"
Cinderella replied. "you are as handsome on the inside
as you are on the outside. Soon after Cinderella and
the Prince were married and Cinderella moved to the castle.
Noddy, Doddy and her stepmother moved to the castle as well and ate a lot
of chocolates and a lot of ham sandwiches and everyone lived happily ever after text Baby Hazel Cinderella Story Once upon a time in a faraway land lived a cute and sweet girl named Ella. She was born in a lovely home to a beautiful mother, lily and a hard-working merchant father. They all were happy in their sweet home. Being a merchant Ella's dad used to travel a lot. Because he wanted to give his wife and daughter all the happiness in the world. He worked hard day and night. Every time he returned from his journey. He never forgot to bring them flowers. Dad. Beautiful flowers for my wife and daughter. Thank you. And my pretty darlings I have got a surprise gift for you. What's that . My dearest, all my hard work has paid off . I have bought a mansion for us. Wow. We should be able to move there soon. Full of joy and excitement. They all boarded their horse cart to start a journey to their new home. The new Mansion was huge and beautiful with a lush garden in the front. Wow, what a beautiful garden. Ella, Let's plant fruits and flowers here. Mom, I love Lilies. I want to grow them in a bunch. Seasons changed. The wheel of time kept spinning and now Ella was growing into a beautiful girl. One day while she was collecting apples in her garden. She saw two beautiful birds. Ella fed them apples and made them her pets. You are so cute! 
Will you stay with me? But misfortune took Ella's mother away from her. Days passed by. Oh dear, come here, I'll help you. Katy, if you do this again, no more treats for you. That day Ella's father entered the room and said. Ella can we talk? Go out and play, little ones. But no fighting. Yes, dad. What is it? Darling. I have married a nice lady and she has arrived with her two daughters. I know it’s difficult for you to accept, but I am doing all of this for you,for me, for us. Yes dad, I know. Thank you, sweetheart. Let’s welcome your new mom to our home. Ok dad. As soon as Ella saw her new mother she greeted her. Welcome mother. Thank you darling. Oh, these lilies are so boring! Mum, we should replace them with roses. I'll show them around. Days passed by fairly smoothly, but then Ella’s dad had business to take care of in another town. Bye girls. Happy journey, Father Dad. You forgot your hat. Thank you darling. As soon as Ella’s father was out of sight, Ella’s stepmother and stepsisters started behaving rudely with her. Ella don't sit with us. You must take care of the household chore. Give the house a good scrubbing and do the laundry. Poor Ella didn't know what to say. She was heartbroken to see her stepmother suddenly being so mean to her. Her sisters were giggling. It was obvious they enjoyed making her sad Ella, I'm starving. Where is my sandwich? Ella, my sandwich, too! Ella's two stepsisters and stepmother. Kept her busy all day long with their never-ending demands. But she never complained and did her work with a smile on her face. And while doing all the household chores, Ella never forgot to take care of her pets. She always made sure to feed Charlie and Budgie with bird seed. Ella! Stop playing around with those birds and serve us tea and breakfast. Yes just a moment. Look at her! She looks so funny with cinders on her face. Poor Ella said nothing and continued serving them tea. Suddenly her stepsister laughed. Oh, Mum! We can call her Cinderella, as she is always covered in cinders. Oh, you are right darling. The name suits her. After a long journey, her father returned home with gifts for all. He handed his stepdaughters their gifts, and they were pleased to see the beautiful dresses he bought for them. Thank you father Darling why do you look so messy? Oh dear. She was playing with her pets near the fireplace. That must be how she made her clothes so dirty Oh Dad. These flowers remind me of Mother. His day was a wonderful break for Cinderella from her stepmothers cruelty. But it was terribly brief. Before long, Ella's Dad left again for business. Bidding them all goodbye. Cinderella, get back to work! Yes mother. One fine day there was a knock at the door. And when Cinderella answered. She saw a royal guard holding a scroll with a big bow around it. This is an invitation to the princes ball. Thank you. Suddenly her unkind stepmother snatched it from her and began to read to herself. Girls! We have an invitation for the royal ball. And every girl in town has been invited by Prince charming himself. Mother, can I attend the ball too please. Yes, you can but only if you finish all chores. . And make beautiful gowns for Ashley and Elisa. Cinderella was happy as she was going to the ball. With a cheerful smile, she finished her laundry and stitched beautiful gowns with the help of her pets. The big day arrived and her sisters and mother got ready to attend the ball. Oh! My darlings you both look marvelous. When Ella saw them all dressed and ready to leave for the ball? She was hesitant. Mother, now can I join you 
and go to the Ball? Oh Cinderella! How can you attend the ball? You don't even have a gown Stay home and finish cleaning the attic. Please, Mother! I'll do it 
all after I attend the ball! Poor Cinderella saw her stepmother and sisters leaving for the ball and started sobbing. Please! Wait! Take me to the ball. Why did they do this? I did everything she asked me to do. And she still didn't take me to the ball. Sad and alone with her pets. She was sitting quietly in her room. When suddenly, A dancing light appeared. and from inside stepped a Fairy Godmother in front of her. my dear child, What's the matter? Why are you so sad? I want to go to the Prince's ball, but I don't have a beautiful dress. Don't worry dear, I will help you. The fairy waved her wand, and dressed Cinderella in a beautiful gown, and pretty glass slippers. Ella, you look gorgeous, dear! I don't have a carriage to take me to the ball. Oh! Don't you worry? Can you fetch me seven mice and a pumpkin? I have five pets and a pumpkin. Then let us go to the garden. The Fairy waived her Magic wand again, and turned the pumpkin into a beautiful 
carriage. C’mon now! Board your carriage and attend 
the Royal Ball, and meet Prince Charming! Remember Cinderella, you have to be back before the clock strikes midnight, or else your carriage will turn into a pumpkin, and your beautiful dress into rags. I'll remember about the spell, Thank you for helping me! She bid goodbye to the Fairy
Godmother and left for the ball in her beautiful 
carriage. Cinderella arrived at the palace and saw that everyone was already enjoying themselves at the ball the Palace was huge with a glittering Chandelier and 
floors that shone like mirrors. It was decorated with lights and beautiful 
flowers everywhere. Attention please the Prince will be joining us soon. Hi all, welcome to the Royal Ball Wow! May I have the pleasure of dancing with you? When the prince spotted Cinderella, he was instantly struck by her beauty. he approached her and gracefully bowed May I have the pleasure 
of dancing with you? Yes, of course The Prince and Ella had a wonderful time in the ball, talking and laughing and dancing. She suddenly remembered the fairy spell and how it would be broken when the clock struck midnight? Panicking she started to leave My lady, what’s wrong? I Have to go Cinderella rushed out of the palace before the spell was broken, and in her hurry, left her glass slipper
behind. Cinderella was running out of
the palace, and though the prince chased her, it was too late. The Prince found her glass slipper on the stairs, and ordered his royal guard to assemble an army. Try the slipper on every girl in the kingdom. I have to find that girl. The Royal guard started searching for the beautiful girl, whose foot would fit in the glass shoe. back at the house Cinderella was back doing her daily chores, and taking care of her pets her stepsisters as always were lazing around. And that’s when they heard someone knock at the door I'm looking for the girl Whose foot will fit this shoe my daughters would love to try the shoe. both her stepsisters tried to fit their feet in the shoe, but they were unable to do so as the slipper was too small and delicate My lady, will you try the shoe? She is just a servant. Yes. I will try As soon as she slid her foot inside the slipper it was clear that it fit her perfectly The Prince was happy and so his royal guards, but her stepmother and sisters Didn't understand how the shoe fit Cinderella You are the Lady from the ball. I offer you this Rose as a
token of our friendship Thank you. Finally, Prince Charming and 
beautiful Cinderella were best friends and they played and enjoyed in the big palace along with their pets 
happily ever after. text Baby Hazel Cinderella Story Once upon a time in a faraway land lived a cute and sweet girl named Ella. She was born in a lovely home to a beautiful mother, lily and a hard-working merchant father. They all were happy in their sweet home. Being a merchant Ella's dad used to travel a lot. Because he wanted to give his wife and daughter all the happiness in the world. He worked hard day and night. Every time he returned from his journey. He never forgot to bring them flowers. Dad. Beautiful flowers for my wife and daughter. Thank you. And my pretty darlings I have got a surprise gift for you. What's that . My dearest, all my hard work has paid off . I have bought a mansion for us. Wow. We should be able to move there soon. Full of joy and excitement. They all boarded their horse cart to start a journey to their new home. The new Mansion was huge and beautiful with a lush garden in the front. Wow, what a beautiful garden. Ella, Let's plant fruits and flowers here. Mom, I love Lilies. I want to grow them in a bunch. Seasons changed. The wheel of time kept spinning and now Ella was growing into a beautiful girl. One day while she was collecting apples in her garden. She saw two beautiful birds. Ella fed them apples and made them her pets. You are so cute! 
Will you stay with me? But misfortune took Ella's mother away from her. Days passed by. Oh dear, come here, I'll help you. Katy, if you do this again, no more treats for you. That day Ella's father entered the room and said. Ella can we talk? Go out and play, little ones. But no fighting. Yes, dad. What is it? Darling. I have married a nice lady and she has arrived with her two daughters. I know it’s difficult for you to accept, but I am doing all of this for you,for me, for us. Yes dad, I know. Thank you, sweetheart. Let’s welcome your new mom to our home. Ok dad. As soon as Ella saw her new mother she greeted her. Welcome mother. Thank you darling. Oh, these lilies are so boring! Mum, we should replace them with roses. I'll show them around. Days passed by fairly smoothly, but then Ella’s dad had business to take care of in another town. Bye girls. Happy journey, Father Dad. You forgot your hat. Thank you darling. As soon as Ella’s father was out of sight, Ella’s stepmother and stepsisters started behaving rudely with her. Ella don't sit with us. You must take care of the household chore. Give the house a good scrubbing and do the laundry. Poor Ella didn't know what to say. She was heartbroken to see her stepmother suddenly being so mean to her. Her sisters were giggling. It was obvious they enjoyed making her sad Ella, I'm starving. Where is my sandwich? Ella, my sandwich, too! Ella's two stepsisters and stepmother. Kept her busy all day long with their never-ending demands. But she never complained and did her work with a smile on her face. And while doing all the household chores, Ella never forgot to take care of her pets. She always made sure to feed Charlie and Budgie with bird seed. Ella! Stop playing around with those birds and serve us tea and breakfast. Yes just a moment. Look at her! She looks so funny with cinders on her face. Poor Ella said nothing and continued serving them tea. Suddenly her stepsister laughed. Oh, Mum! We can call her Cinderella, as she is always covered in cinders. Oh, you are right darling. The name suits her. After a long journey, her father returned home with gifts for all. He handed his stepdaughters their gifts, and they were pleased to see the beautiful dresses he bought for them. Thank you father Darling why do you look so messy? Oh dear. She was playing with her pets near the fireplace. That must be how she made her clothes so dirty Oh Dad. These flowers remind me of Mother. His day was a wonderful break for Cinderella from her stepmothers cruelty. But it was terribly brief. Before long, Ella's Dad left again for business. Bidding them all goodbye. Cinderella, get back to work! Yes mother. One fine day there was a knock at the door. And when Cinderella answered. She saw a royal guard holding a scroll with a big bow around it. This is an invitation to the princes ball. Thank you. Suddenly her unkind stepmother snatched it from her and began to read to herself. Girls! We have an invitation for the royal ball. And every girl in town has been invited by Prince charming himself. Mother, can I attend the ball too please. Yes, you can but only if you finish all chores. . And make beautiful gowns for Ashley and Elisa. Cinderella was happy as she was going to the ball. With a cheerful smile, she finished her laundry and stitched beautiful gowns with the help of her pets. The big day arrived and her sisters and mother got ready to attend the ball. Oh! My darlings you both look marvelous. When Ella saw them all dressed and ready to leave for the ball? She was hesitant. Mother, now can I join you 
and go to the Ball? Oh Cinderella! How can you attend the ball? You don't even have a gown Stay home and finish cleaning the attic. Please, Mother! I'll do it 
all after I attend the ball! Poor Cinderella saw her stepmother and sisters leaving for the ball and started sobbing. Please! Wait! Take me to the ball. Why did they do this? I did everything she asked me to do. And she still didn't take me to the ball. Sad and alone with her pets. She was sitting quietly in her room. When suddenly, A dancing light appeared. and from inside stepped a Fairy Godmother in front of her. my dear child, What's the matter? Why are you so sad? I want to go to the Prince's ball, but I don't have a beautiful dress. Don't worry dear, I will help you. The fairy waved her wand, and dressed Cinderella in a beautiful gown, and pretty glass slippers. Ella, you look gorgeous, dear! I don't have a carriage to take me to the ball. Oh! Don't you worry? Can you fetch me seven mice and a pumpkin? I have five pets and a pumpkin. Then let us go to the garden. The Fairy waived her Magic wand again, and turned the pumpkin into a beautiful 
carriage. C’mon now! Board your carriage and attend 
the Royal Ball, and meet Prince Charming! Remember Cinderella, you have to be back before the clock strikes midnight, or else your carriage will turn into a pumpkin, and your beautiful dress into rags. I'll remember about the spell, Thank you for helping me! She bid goodbye to the Fairy
Godmother and left for the ball in her beautiful 
carriage. Cinderella arrived at the palace and saw that everyone was already enjoying themselves at the ball the Palace was huge with a glittering Chandelier and 
floors that shone like mirrors. It was decorated with lights and beautiful 
flowers everywhere. Attention please the Prince will be joining us soon. Hi all, welcome to the Royal Ball Wow! May I have the pleasure of dancing with you? When the prince spotted Cinderella, he was instantly struck by her beauty. he approached her and gracefully bowed May I have the pleasure 
of dancing with you? Yes, of course The Prince and Ella had a wonderful time in the ball, talking and laughing and dancing. She suddenly remembered the fairy spell and how it would be broken when the clock struck midnight? Panicking she started to leave My lady, what’s wrong? I Have to go Cinderella rushed out of the palace before the spell was broken, and in her hurry, left her glass slipper
behind. Cinderella was running out of
the palace, and though the prince chased her, it was too late. The Prince found her glass slipper on the stairs, and ordered his royal guard to assemble an army. Try the slipper on every girl in the kingdom. I have to find that girl. The Royal guard started searching for the beautiful girl, whose foot would fit in the glass shoe. back at the house Cinderella was back doing her daily chores, and taking care of her pets her stepsisters as always were lazing around. And that’s when they heard someone knock at the door I'm looking for the girl Whose foot will fit this shoe my daughters would love to try the shoe. both her stepsisters tried to fit their feet in the shoe, but they were unable to do so as the slipper was too small and delicate My lady, will you try the shoe? She is just a servant. Yes. I will try As soon as she slid her foot inside the slipper it was clear that it fit her perfectly The Prince was happy and so his royal guards, but her stepmother and sisters Didn't understand how the shoe fit Cinderella You are the Lady from the ball. I offer you this Rose as a
token of our friendship Thank you. Finally, Prince Charming and 
beautiful Cinderella were best friends and they played and enjoyed in the big palace along with their pets 
happily ever after. text Long ago in a far away land, there lived
a young girl named Cinderella Cinderella was kind and smart and
beautiful. When Cinderella was very young she had a happy life,
then one day her mother died soon after her father
decided to marry again. The woman he married had
two daughters of her own Noddy and Doddy. Cinderella&amp;#39;s stepmother
and stepsisters were not kind. Cinderella&amp;#39;s stepmother gave her daughter&amp;#39;s
beautiful gowns of finest silk and dazzling jewels and toys. To
Cinderella she gave nothing and then sadly
Cinderella&amp;#39;s father died too. Cinderella was left all alone in
a large house with her two mean stepsisters and aweful stepmother.
Cinderella&amp;#39;s life was hard her stepmother made
Cinderella a servant in her own home Every morning Cinderella had to
rise before dawn to do the cooking the cleaning, the laundry,
the baking and the gardening as well as
take orders from Noddy and Doddy all day long By the end of the day
Cinderella was so exhausted she would occasionally fall fast asleep,
curled up by the fire near the Cinder and the ashes.
This is why she was called Cinderella.
Though her clothes were tattered and her face and
hair were covered in ashes and soot. Cinderlla was still
beautiful and had a kind and cheerful heart. Noddy and Doddy
teased Cinderella all the time &amp;quot;Your clothes look like dirty
diapers&amp;quot; Noddy would shriek &amp;quot;Your face looks like a bucket
of mud&amp;quot; Doddy would say. Then they would laugh
and eat chocolate and ham sandwiches while watching Cinderella
work. Cinderella&amp;#39;s stepsisters were as ugly on the inside as they were on the outside One Day a page from the castle arrived at
the house with an invitation. The prince is hosting a grand ball in three days time. He
is hoping to find a bride. Every eligible young woman shall come and
meet the Prince. Noddy and Doddy were very excited. &amp;quot;I&amp;#39;m
going to marry the Prince&amp;quot; Noddy exclaimed. &amp;quot;Why should you
marry the prince you look like a rotten potato&amp;quot; Doddy shouted. Noddy
and Doddy were just about to get into a very large fight when they heard
Cinderella ask &amp;quot;May I go to the ball ?&amp;quot; For a moment two sisters stared at
each other, then they laughed so hard they rolled around on the floor laughing.
&amp;quot;You&amp;#39;ll go to the ball&amp;quot; Doddy trottled &amp;quot;that&amp;#39;s the silliest thing
I&amp;#39;ve ever heard&amp;quot; Noddy giggled &amp;quot;Can you imagine our Cinderella married
to the prince&amp;quot; Doddy exclaimed which made the girls laugh till they heard &amp;quot;Girls! what is going on here ?&amp;quot; Cinderella&amp;#39;s stepmother yelled as she
entered the room. The girl&amp;#39;s stopped laughing and yelling to tell their
mother what had happened &amp;quot;don&amp;#39;t be silly of course
Cinderella may go to the ball&amp;quot; said the the stepmother.
The girls were very confused! this they did not expect.
Noddy and Doddy began to protest when
their mother continued &amp;quot;She may go to the ball if all of her chores
are completed and she has sewn herself a new dress all that day and the next, and the next Cinderella&amp;#39;s stepmother gave Cinderella
a long list of chores to do everyday from morning until Noon. Cinderella
scrubbed, and mopped and polished. There was no time to make a new dress.
On the night of the ball Noddy and Doddy were
dressed up in their finest gowns and followed their
mother out of the door to the waiting carriage Cinderella silently
watched them go, she did not have any dress so she could not go to the ball.
Sadly Cinderella wandered out to the garden.
There she sat on a bench and cried. Suddenly a
little old lady with wings and wand was floating right
in front of Cinderella. &amp;quot;Cinderella&amp;quot; said the lady,
I am your fairy godmother Since it is your wish, you would
go to the ball, &amp;quot;but How? &amp;quot; asked Cinderella &amp;quot;I have no
dress and no way to get there&amp;quot; &amp;quot;run quick and fetch me four
mice, a pumpkin and the lizard from the garden. Cinderella
did so as fast as she could First the fairy godmother touched
the pumpkin. Poof the pumpkin was transformed into a dazzling coach.
Next she touched the four mice Poof the four mice turned into
four beautiful white horses then the fairy godmother
touched the lizard. Poof the lizard turned into a stately
Coachmen in uniform. Cinderella was very surprised to see them. &amp;quot;Now!&amp;quot; said the fairy godmother &amp;quot;Since you are so kind and smart, I
will make you as beautiful on the outside as you are on the inside&amp;quot; The
fairy godmother touched her wand to the Cinderella&amp;#39;s torn dress. And Poof,
Cinderella&amp;#39;s rag became a beautiful ballgown. and on the Cinderella&amp;#39;s
feet were two delicate glass slippers. &amp;quot;Enjoy yourself
at the ball&amp;quot; said the fairy godmother but &amp;quot;be warned that My magic will end at midnight,
and everything will as it was before&amp;quot; &amp;quot;Oh thank you, thank you&amp;quot;
cut Cinderella as she run into her coach and she
sped off to the castle When Cinderella arrived to the ball
everyone stared at her, she was the most beautiful woman there. She
looked so different that even her stepsisters and stepmother
did not know who she was the prince thought she was beautiful too.
when he talked to her he also discovered that she was kind, smart and funny too.
the Prince danced with Cinderella all night long,
and Cinderella never had so much fun. Suddenly Cinderella noticed
that the clock was about to strike midnight &amp;quot;I had a lovely evening&amp;quot;
Cinderella told the Prince. &amp;quot;But I really must go now&amp;quot;. With that she gathered
up her skirt and fled out of the castle leaving the Prince very startled &amp;quot;Wait&amp;quot;
he cried &amp;quot;I don&amp;#39;t even know your name!&amp;quot; he chased after her but Cinderella had
vanished into the night, then the prince found the glass slipper on the
staircase, in Cinderella&amp;#39;s haste to leave the slipper
had fallen off of her foot and she didn&amp;#39;t have time to go back Prince had a great idea! I will search every house in my kingdom I
will find the woman who fits this slipper and I will marry her
if she would like to marry me. Next day the prince began his search.
He went to every house in his entire kingdom
but still he could not find the woman that
fit the glass slipper Finally, he arrived at the Cinderella&amp;#39;s
house. Noddy was the first to try on the slipper but her foot
was much too fat. Next Doddy tried on the slipper but her foot was much too long.
Desperate the Prince asked, &amp;quot;are there any other
young women in the house&amp;quot;.
106
00:06:49,000 --&gt; 00:06:48,976
&amp;quot;only our maid servant&amp;quot; Cinderella&amp;#39;s stepmother snorted &amp;quot;but she
didn&amp;#39;t go to the ball&amp;quot; &amp;quot;I would like her&amp;quot; &amp;quot;to try&amp;quot; said the prince
and they had to obey him because he was the prince.
Cinderella came out of the kitchen and tried on the slipper It fit her feet perfectly.
The prince smiled at Cinderella and nervously asked
her &amp;quot;will you be my bride&amp;quot; &amp;quot;I most certainly will&amp;quot;
Cinderella replied. &amp;quot;you are as handsome on the inside
as you are on the outside. Soon after Cinderella and
the Prince were married and Cinderella moved to the castle.
Noddy, Doddy and her stepmother moved to the castle as well and ate a lot
of chocolates and a lot of ham sandwiches and everyone lived happily ever after text welcome to mumbo jumbo kids Channel Cinderella [Music]
here's your here pass it to me all right all right take it oh come on Jo pass it properly sorry mo I'll get it for you whoo-hoo did you see that yes, what was that let's go see no Joe it doesn't look right to me we won't go inside the holes will just look come I think we should go back now yes you are right I can't see anything there Oh Joe what's happening to us give me your hand Joe what's happening to us where are we? I don't know mo what are we going to do yes stepmother just a minute Cinderella where have you been? where is our breakfast she must have been lazing around in that attic of hers I tell your mother she should never have given her that attic shhh!  girls Cinderella why are you still standing there? that breakfast isn't going to cook by itself yes stepmother it's ready I'll just bring it out for you cinderella clear this table yes stepmother here is my laundry for today make sure it's done by the time we come back you are going out somewhere yes we are going to the market what is it to you don't poke your nose where it doesn't belong here take these shoes and polish them till
you can see your face in each of them yes stepmother it's just that we need a
few groceries from the market I was thinking that if you are going you could
get some things Oh our cinderella can think too and what do you plan to do the whole
day just sit around go to the market yourself and get the groceries I want
our lunch ready before we return yes stepmother hello little birdie how are you today
where are your parents oh there they are I wish my parents were alive too but
they aren't they are there now oh well I had better hurry I have many things to
do today the king and the queen announced the introduction ball of the prince everybody is invited as their guests the prince will also choose his princess
from the guest maidens who come for the royal ball tonight how was your visit to the market stepmother I have prepared all the food dum have it
then we can all rest before the ball we what do you mean we suddenly you don't think that you are going to the ball ball
imagine cindrella at a ball have you ever even danced Cinderella how maybe she thought that the prince was going to pick her to be his wife you will stay here and clean the house stepmother I have finished all my work even the house is clean may I please come to the ball I promise
I will not trouble you i will wear sister's old clothes oh don't spoil my mood foolish girl I have told you you will stay at home and don't you dare touch our clothes mother-father I wish you were here My
dear child don't cry who are you I'm your fairy godmother now come you have to get ready for the ball I can't fairy godmother there is no time no do I have anything to wear don't  worry about that you just get me a large pumpkin four white mice and two lizards yes fairy godmother very good dear put it all there first it
is time to get you dressed there now you look ready for the royal ball except those shoes these are beautifully fairy godmother thank you but how will I get to the palace right your little mice friends were did you there baddest gorgeous fairy godmother I can't
thank you enough you're welcome my child now go have fun
just remember that this magic will last till midnight once the clock completes
striking 12:00 all of you will be transformed into your usual self yes
fairy godmother I will remember that my lady may I have this dance with you yes your highness the pleasure is mine who is that beautiful girl
who has captured everyone's attention i shall find out your majesty the prince is dancing just with her yes
he spent the entire evening with her it's almost midnight he's not taken his
eyes off her who is she is it midnight already yes it is is that
a problem yes it might be wait what's going on? is everything okay? who was she son I don't know father she didn't even tell me her name but I shall find her good morning my lady the prince is
looking for the maiden to whom the slipper belongs he will marry her once
she's found that it belongs to one of my daughters oh that's very good we
have looked through the entire village and yours is the last house the slipper
hasn't fit anyone so far I'm happy that it belongs to this house
please call your daughters yes yes girls please come here Yes Mother would you be so kind to try the slipper on surely which one of us should try it doesn't it belong to you oh don't be so forgetful girl it's your of course now put it on oh how silly of me I must be nervous
I forgot it belongs to my other daughter surely miss would you please put it on looks like it wasn't either of your
daughters is there any other girl in this house that the slipper might belong
to no there is no other girl in this house very well then thank you for your time madam did you just lie to the king's men
it is equal to line to the king no no me lie then who is that young woman in the
window there she she is no one step aside madam and call that young
lady to try on the slipper but but she I is it the prince I think I'm going to
faint step aside madam my lady would you do me the honor of
trying the slipper yes your highness knew it was you I knew I would find you I think we should follow her I don't want to stay here with these mean people i agree let's go to the castle we'll follow the tracks of the chariot look more that looks familiar doesn't it yes do you think it will take us back home
should we try yes let's go oh we made it we are back are you all right yes I am
how about you me do I'm glad but let's avoid any holes from now on I agree
let's just go home now hi I am mo hi I am Jo for more videos
subscribe to us text Once upon a time in a land far far away lived an amazingly beautiful girl Cinderella's mother had passed away a very long time ago This is my her father had brought her up One day when Cinderella's father remarried her life had changed dramatically Her father's new wife and her two stepsisters had moved to Cinderella's house Since the first time they met, her stepmother couldn't stand the sight of Cinderella She and her two daughters were extremely jealous of Cinderella's beauty and kind heart Cinderella's stepsisters were not beautiful as she was and besides they were rude and spoilt One day Due to work reasons, Cinderella's father had to leave on a long journey And that was the time when Cinderella's stepmother and stepsisters turned her life into a living hell While Cinderella was in the garden talking to her very beloved birds Her stepmother approached her As of today you will live in the attic. You will do all the housework. Also, I don't want you walking around in these clothes. Cinderella didn't know what to say. Helplessly, she did what she was told She packed her stuff and moved to the attic After that days Cinderella began to do all the housework all on her own She used to get very tired, but neither her stepmother or her stepsisters felt sorry for her Wipe the floor again. Can't you see it's still dusty. You haven't done the laundry. I have nothing proper to wear Cinderella had no friends other than the mice and the birds that used to come to her window Due to the cold, secretly at nighttime Cinderella would go downstairs to the chimney and warm up near the dying fire and fall asleep As the days went on by, one day in the town an announcement was made by the kingdom Our prince will be holding a ball at the castle all the girls who are eligible for marriage are Invited to this ball As soon as the stepsisters heard about this invitation there ran home and told their mother You will be the most beautiful girls at the ball. The prince must pick one of you That way we will all live in the palace right mother. We must get some gowns and shoes for you girls Move along we're going shopping The stepmother and stepsisters left the house hearing all that was talked about with a sad face Cinderella stood there and watched The preparations went on for days. Both the stepsisters had their gowns sewn Every day that would go in front of the mirror and tell themselves. We will be the most beautiful girls in the ball Finally the big day had arrived. The stepsisters had woken up very early that morning and so they called Cinderella Cinderella, Cinderella Come here. Where have you been? Hurry and prepare our baths? All day Cinderella helped her stepsisters get ready Hey brush it gently, you are going to pull it out. Towards the evening, they had finished all their preparations for the ball You look beautiful girls. Just beautiful. Cinderella built up all her courage and asked her stepmother Can I come to the ball too, please? Who you? Yes, well, it's said that all the young girls can come Is this your dress for the ball? The prince is looking for a wife not for a maid my dear Come on girls Let's not be late for the ball and you make sure that you've finished all the chores before you go to bed Her stepmother and her stepsisters made their way to the castle And all on her own at home, Cinderella began to cry Oh My god I go to the castle too, if my parents were here none of this would have happened Right at that moment a very bright light appeared At first Cinderella did not understand what it was. She was staring at the light and suddenly a beautiful fairy appeared in the middle of the light My beautiful Cinderella, don't cry. You too will go to the ball at the castle Cinderella could not believe her eyes. She asked in shock. Can I go? Just look at me.. Do not worry. I'm here to help you. Now bring me a pumpkin and Seven mice Cinderella could not understand why she wanted these things. But still she did as she was told First she went to the kitchen and grabbed a big pumpkin Then she went to the attic, got home mice friends and went down again With her magic wand the fairy turned the pumpkin into a beautiful horse carriage Then she turned to the mice One of them turned into the driver and the other six of them turned into beautiful white horses Amazed as she was Cinderella was looking at the horse carriage The fairy turned to her. When she touched her with the magic wand Cinderella's all dress turned into a beautiful ball gown And the slippers on her feet turned into beautiful glass shoes I look like a princess Now it is time to go to the ball, but don't forget. You must be home when the clock strikes 12:00 Because by then everything will turn back to what they were Cinderella, listen to the fairy very carefully then she hopped on her carriage and Started to ride towards the castle Her mesmerizing carriage stopped in front of the castle When Cinderella entered through the grand doors to the ballroom, all the eyes were on her She looked so beautiful and elegant Her stepmother and even her stepsisters could not stop looking at this beautiful lady They of course could not recognize her Suddenly the prince appeared on the stairs Cinderella really stood out amongst all the young women at the ball The Prince fell in love with the first sight of this beautiful young woman With everyone watching curiously, he began walking down the stairs and slowly approached her The stepsisters were very excited because the prince was coming towards them. Ah, he's coming to me.. Noo he's coming to me! But the Prince passed on by and stopped in front of Cinderella Most beautiful young lady. Would you please allow this dance to me? Cinderella nodded politely The prince and Cinderella began to dance amongst the curious looks of all the invitees Cinderella was so captivated by the music and the dance She felt like as if she and the prince were the only ones in the ballroom They dance nonstop all night long Of course Cinderella could not feel how time had past At some point the big clock caught her eye It was almost midnight Right at that moment Cinderella remembered the fairies warning You must be home when the clock strikes 12:00. Because by then everything will turn back to what they were With a panic, Cinderella began to run and left the prince behind When she was running down the stairs of the castle She dropped one of her shoes but she did not even have time to go back and collect it. When she ran further, the clock struck midnight and everything turned back to what they were before When the prince went out after her, he spotted her shoe on the stairs Find the owner of this shoe. Even if you have to get all the girls in the kingdom to try it. Just find her! Cinderella came home breathless and went straight up to the attic. She started thinking about the night she had with the prince She knew she had no chance, but still she had fallen in love with him It was almost impossible for the prince to find her and even if he did he would never recognize her The prince's men went door-to-door to every house in the kingdom and looked for the young girl who owned this shoe But the shoe did not fit any of these girls In the end the prince's men came by Cinderella's house Cinderella was very happy to see the king's carriage in front of the house Right when she was about to leave her room her stepmother appeared at the door And where do you think you are going? You want to try the shoe, too? With a sarcastic laugh, the stepmother locked the door to the attic No, please stop, open the door please.. How pathetic.. What would the prince have in common with you? The men first let the old skinny sister try the shoe, but it was too small for her feet Look how beautifully it fit my foot? Then the younger chubby sister tried the shoe. But a chubby foot did not even get in the shoe Maybe if we had tried it on my other foot Whatever they did it just would not work Finally Cinderella's last try was to run to the window, but it was too high So she began crying Seeing her crying, her mice friends came next to her. My stepmom locked me in She must have the key One of the mice slipped underneath the door and ran downstairs. The stepmother was at the door with the prince's men Ehm.. Why don't you come tomorrow today? They're a little tired their feet must be swollen The mouse jumped on the stepmothers skirt and snatching the keys out of her pocket, ran upstairs He slipped the keys under the door Cinderella was very happy when she saw the key Opening the door she ran down as fast as she could How... How did you get out?! Please stop, don't go! I want to try the shoe, too The stepmother and her two daughters started to laugh hysterically Please sush.. It is the prince's orders that every girl in the kingdom must try the shoe When Cinderella tried the shoe on, everybody was in shock. Because it fitted her perfectly Young lady, are you the owner of this shoe? Cinderella nodded to confirm. Please come to the palace with us Cinderella went to the castle with the prince's men. And they took her in front of the prince Right when he looked in her eyes the prince knew it was her who danced with him that night He held her hands, I finally found you my princess Would you marry me? With teary eyes from happiness, she accepted the prince's offer They got married and lived happily ever after text Gigglebox This is the story of Cinderella. once upon a time there was a happy
couple with a daughter that they loved very much they lived in a beautiful
manner with many wonderful things they were kind people especially the daughter
who loved to play with the mice and pigeons that lived in the garden one day
the girl's mother became very sick and the daughter and husband worried that
she would not recover and unfortunately not long after the mother passed away a
few years passed and the father decided to marry a second time and his new wife
was selfish and cruel she came to live in the beautiful manor with her two
daughters Anastasia and Drusilla who were vain greedy and secretly picked
their noses jealous of her husband's kind and gentle daughter the stepsisters
made her wear a simple peasants dress and had her work night and day to keep
the manor in hip-hop shape the stepsisters mocked her you always look
like you're covered in ash we'll call you senator Ella one morning an
invitation arrived from the palace the King announced that he would be holding
a ball for his son the Prince to find a wife the King invited every maiden to
attend the grand ball hoping that his son would find someone to love the
stepsisters were very excited by the possibility of becoming the princes
bride they ordered Cinderella to make them the most beautiful at the ball once
the stepsisters were ready for the ball Cinderella gathered up the courage to
ask her stepmother can I go to the ball as well the stepmothers eyes sparkled as
she looked at her and replied only once you have cleaned the kitchen swept and
mopped the floors and dusted the bedrooms these chores would take one
person a week to complete as she sat in the kitchen
surrounded by dirty pots and pans Cinderella despaired how will I ever
clean all this mess someone please help me house mice in carton pigeons heard
her cry for help and came running to her rescue
they helped Cinderella scrub and dust the manor until it sparkled once the
manor sparkled like new Cinderella went back to her stepmother and asked again I
have done everything you've asked can I go to the ball now the stepmother
looked down at Cinderella and laughed why your filthy Cinderella you can't go
to the ball dressed like that the Prince won't one dirt all over his ballroom the
evil stepmother left for the ball with the stepsisters Cinderella was alone in
the manor with the mice and pigeons who were her only friends Cinderella
ran to the garden and wept the pigeons and the mice felt very sorry for her
then a rustling sound came from the bushes old woman emerged an approached
Cinderella why so many tears from such a kind girl the woman asked I just wanted
to go to the ball but I have nothing to wear the old woman thought then said as
your fairy godmother I can give you one night where all of your dreams come true
Cinderella looked up and saw the kind face of her fairy godmother you're my
fairy godmother yes dear with a wave of her hand the fairy
godmother transformed Cinderella's simple dress into a beautiful gown with
glass slippers fit for a queen but how do I get to the ball wondered Cinderella
flick her wand the fairy godmother transformed a pumpkin into a golden
carriage and the nearby mice into horses and a rat into the coachman thank you so
much you are now dressed like a queen and be
sure to leave the ball before the final stroke of midnight for all my spells
will disappear warn the fairy godmother Cinderella
promised to come home before midnight and left for the ball Cinderella arrived
at the ball and all the guests wondered who this beautiful princess was the
Prince couldn't take his eyes off her and they danced all night she was having
such a wonderful time with the prince that she completely forgot that midnight
was coming suddenly the palace clock began to strike down bun sorry I have to
go she cried waits come back cried the prince running
after her in her haste she lost one of her glass slippers desperate to find out
who the mystery princess was the prince declared every girl in the land must try
on the slipper whoever fits this slipper will be my bride girl after girl tried
on the slipper but with no success finally the prince arrived at
Cinderella's house Anastasia and Drusilla rammed their feet into the
slipper but it was clearly the wrong size
no woman seems to fit the glass slipper the prince despaired is there no other
girl in your house that has yet to try on the slipper
he asked the stepsisters looked at the stepmother nervously we
only have a kitchen maid we call her Cinderella said the stepmother take me
to her ordered the prince Cinderella was sweeping the kitchen when the prince
pulled out the glass slipper and set it in front of Cinderella her delicate foot
fit perfectly this is my princess announced the prince lifting Cinderella
into the air all the mice and birds rejoiced at their love next morning the
Prince married Cinderella and they lived happily ever after the end thanks for
watching Cinderella remember to please like the video and subscribe to our
channel so you can stay updated on all our new videos bye text There once lived a pretty young girl called
Cinderella, with her father, stepmother, and two stepsisters called Drizella and Anastasia. The stepmother and her daughters were very
cruel, making Cinderella do all the chores. Cinderella, Cinderella! Look at the time! Cindrella still hasn’t brought in my tea. Ooooh! I feel a headache starting. I’m sorry mother, I was …….
Stop making excuses you lazy girl. Just then, Anastasia calls out for Cinderella. Where has that lazy thing gone? Where is my dress you were supposed to iron? I was just going to bring it up to you. Look at you, you filthy thing. Wash yourself before you touch my dress. Dirty wretch! This was poor Cinderella’s life. Every day she toiled from morning to night,
doing all the household work. Every night, tired, she went up to the attic,
where slept on a bed of straw. One morning, when Cinderella was in the kitchen,
she heard her stepmother and sisters talking very excitedly. Mama, this is an invitation for the prince’s
ball! He has invited all the pretty ladies of the
kingdom to find his bride among them. Mother, Anastasia, we have to visit the dressmaker
to make beautiful gowns. Ooooo! I am so excited. I am going to get a green gown and wear my
lovely emeralds with it! And I will get a gown in ice blue and wear
my dazzling diamonds and sapphires with it. My daughters will be the belles of the ball,
I’m sure. The next few days, Cinderella’s stepmother
and stepsisters visited dressmakers, hair stylists, jewelers and shoe shops, while poor
Cinderella did all the work. Finally, the day of the ball arrived. With Drizella, Anastasia and their mother
getting dressed, each kept calling out for Cinderella to help them get dressed and make
last minute touches to their makeup. The coach has already arrived. We better leave if we are not to be late. Cinderella’s father, stepmother and step
sisters left for the ball, and Cinderella kept looking till they were out of sight. She then went to the kitchen and sat down
among the cinders. Oh mama, why did you go away and leave me? Suddenly, a blue light filled the room. Cinderella rubbed her eyes to see clearly,
and saw a queer old lady with soft white curls on her head. Her dress had flounces, and jewels sparkled
on her dress. In her hand she had a wand, the tip of which
glowed blue. Who … who.. who are you? I am your fairy godmother. Now now, stop crying and tell me what the
matter is. N..n.. nothing, nothing is the matter. Hummm. Then, why are tears streaming down your cheeks? Ah, I see. You are upset because you could not go to
the prince’s ball with your parents and sisters. Now stop crying. You are going to the ball. Really? I can go to the ball? Of course, my dear. But how, godmother? I have nothing to wear and no way of going
there. Hmmmm,... Can you get me a large pumpkin? A pumpkin? What for? You ask too many questions, child. Just do as you are told. Cinderella brought a big fat pumpkin from
the garden. The fairy touched it with her wand, and before
Cinderella’s amazed eyes, the pumpkin changed into a beautiful coach. Now we need six horses to draw the coach. Go and fetch me six mice. Cinderella quickly got the mouse trap from
the kitchen corner. The fairy touched the mice with her wand,
and they immediately turned into six beautiful horses. Next, the fairy godmother changed a nice fat
rat with big whiskers to a coachman, and six lizards into footmen. Well, there we go, all set for the ball. Now why do you have that gloomy look on your
face? Fairy Godmother, how can I go to the ball
dressed in these rags? Silly child, I haven’t forgotten about your
clothes. Come here, stand in front of me. One touch of her wand, and lo and behold! She was transformed into an absolutely beautiful
princess, in a shimmering dress of gold and silver, with shining precious stones. Her hair was piled up into a fashionable style
with a dazzling tiara on top. And, on her small, slim and pretty feet were
two pretty glass slippers. Oh godmother, is this me? Yes dear, it is indeed you. You are beautiful to look at, and a loving
soul also. Now off you go to the ball. Cinderella hugged her fairy godmother and
started towards the coach. Just a minute, child. Remember, my power will stop at the stroke
of midnight. The coach shall become a pumpkin, and you
shall be back in your rags, so make sure you are home before the clock strikes midnight. I will remember that. Thank you so much for everything, and goodbye. Cinderella sat in the fancy coach and left
for the ball. When she reached, the ball had already started. As Cinderella stepped in, everyone turned
to look at her. Cinderella stood uncertainly at the door,
when the prince himself came forward to guide her in. I don’t think I have ever seen anyone as
beautiful as you. Would you please dance with me? Cinderella let the prince guide her to the
dance floor. She couldn’t believe that the prince himself
wanted to dance with her! Who is that creature, Anastasia? Doesn’t she look familiar? She is a bit pretty, but she can’t compare
with us. The prince shall soon leave her and make his
way to us. However, the prince couldn’t take his eyes
off Cinderella. Cinderella had never enjoyed herself so much
in her entire life. When she glanced at the clock, it was about
to strike twelve. She pulled herself away from the prince and
ran down the stairs. In her hurry to leave, one of her little glass
slippers fell off. The prince ran after her, but Cinderella was
nowhere in sight. As he turned away, Cinderella’s little glass
slipper caught his eye. This is the slipper of the lovely lady I have
spent the evening with. This has to be love, for I cannot think of
a life without her now. Oh, my love, I will find you and will make
you mine. The next morning, the prince called for his
courtiers. Take this glass slipper to every corner of
the kingdom till you find the fair lady whose foot it fits. The courtiers went to each and every home
to search for the prince’s sweetheart. Finally, they reached the house where Cinderella
lived. We have been sent by the prince. All the fair ladies in this house are requested
to please try on this slipper. The one whose foot fits this slipper shall
be the prince’s chosen wife. Drizella, Drizella, come quick. The prince’s courtier has come with a slipper. The prince will marry the one it fits. Oh, I’m sure I’m going to be the chosen
one. You may try it on also if it makes you happy,
sister. Humph! Always full of yourself as usual. Here, boy, let me try it on. Anastasia tried the slipper on, but no way
would her large foot fit into the tiny slipper. I don’t think that slipper can fit anyone
other than a child. Drizella then tried the slipper. Her foot was slimmer than Anastasia’s, but
it would not fit into the slipper, though she tried to squeeze it in in every way possible. Excuse me, ladies, is there any other lady
in this house? Of course not! You are just wasting your time. No way will this fit the foot of a lady. As the courtiers were about to leave, they
caught sight of Cinderella near the kitchen door. This young lady has not tried on the slipper. Please, this way… Oh, I don’t think… Come, come. Every lady must try it on. Cinderella came forward shyly and hesitantly
to try on the slipper. She slid it on, and the slipper fit her perfectly. Her stepmother and sisters were shocked.. When did she go to the ball? I don’t believe this! Oh, will someone get me my smelling salts? We have good news, Prince. We have with us the young lady whose foot
perfectly fit the glass slipper. The prince immediately recognized Cinderella,
even though she was not wearing the grand clothes that she was wearing on the day of
the ball. The king and queen were also overjoyed that
their son had chosen such a beautiful bride. My darling, I would have recognized you no
matter what you wore. You have stolen my heart, and I cannot wait
to make you my princess. There was great feasting and rejoicing in
the kingdom when the prince married Cinderella. Cinderella’s family was also invited, who
were very repentant of the way they had treated her. However, the good soul that Cinderella was,
she forgave her family. I am blessed to find such a wonderful husband. I shall request him to allow my family to
stay at the palace also. I wish I could see my dear godmother just
once more to thank her. Cinderella and her prince lived happily for
many years, ruling wisely over their kingdom. text There once lived a pretty young girl called
Cinderella, with her father, stepmother, and two stepsisters called Drizella and Anastasia. The stepmother and her daughters were very
cruel, making Cinderella do all the chores. Cinderella, Cinderella! Look at the time! Cindrella still hasn’t brought in my tea. Ooooh! I feel a headache starting. I’m sorry mother, I was …….
Stop making excuses you lazy girl. Just then, Anastasia calls out for Cinderella. Where has that lazy thing gone? Where is my dress you were supposed to iron? I was just going to bring it up to you. Look at you, you filthy thing. Wash yourself before you touch my dress. Dirty wretch! This was poor Cinderella’s life. Every day she toiled from morning to night,
doing all the household work. Every night, tired, she went up to the attic,
where slept on a bed of straw. One morning, when Cinderella was in the kitchen,
she heard her stepmother and sisters talking very excitedly. Mama, this is an invitation for the prince’s
ball! He has invited all the pretty ladies of the
kingdom to find his bride among them. Mother, Anastasia, we have to visit the dressmaker
to make beautiful gowns. Ooooo! I am so excited. I am going to get a green gown and wear my
lovely emeralds with it! And I will get a gown in ice blue and wear
my dazzling diamonds and sapphires with it. My daughters will be the belles of the ball,
I’m sure. The next few days, Cinderella’s stepmother
and stepsisters visited dressmakers, hair stylists, jewelers and shoe shops, while poor
Cinderella did all the work. Finally, the day of the ball arrived. With Drizella, Anastasia and their mother
getting dressed, each kept calling out for Cinderella to help them get dressed and make
last minute touches to their makeup. The coach has already arrived. We better leave if we are not to be late. Cinderella’s father, stepmother and step
sisters left for the ball, and Cinderella kept looking till they were out of sight. She then went to the kitchen and sat down
among the cinders. Oh mama, why did you go away and leave me? Suddenly, a blue light filled the room. Cinderella rubbed her eyes to see clearly,
and saw a queer old lady with soft white curls on her head. Her dress had flounces, and jewels sparkled
on her dress. In her hand she had a wand, the tip of which
glowed blue. Who … who.. who are you? I am your fairy godmother. Now now, stop crying and tell me what the
matter is. N..n.. nothing, nothing is the matter. Hummm. Then, why are tears streaming down your cheeks? Ah, I see. You are upset because you could not go to
the prince’s ball with your parents and sisters. Now stop crying. You are going to the ball. Really? I can go to the ball? Of course, my dear. But how, godmother? I have nothing to wear and no way of going
there. Hmmmm,... Can you get me a large pumpkin? A pumpkin? What for? You ask too many questions, child. Just do as you are told. Cinderella brought a big fat pumpkin from
the garden. The fairy touched it with her wand, and before
Cinderella’s amazed eyes, the pumpkin changed into a beautiful coach. Now we need six horses to draw the coach. Go and fetch me six mice. Cinderella quickly got the mouse trap from
the kitchen corner. The fairy touched the mice with her wand,
and they immediately turned into six beautiful horses. Next, the fairy godmother changed a nice fat
rat with big whiskers to a coachman, and six lizards into footmen. Well, there we go, all set for the ball. Now why do you have that gloomy look on your
face? Fairy Godmother, how can I go to the ball
dressed in these rags? Silly child, I haven’t forgotten about your
clothes. Come here, stand in front of me. One touch of her wand, and lo and behold! She was transformed into an absolutely beautiful
princess, in a shimmering dress of gold and silver, with shining precious stones. Her hair was piled up into a fashionable style
with a dazzling tiara on top. And, on her small, slim and pretty feet were
two pretty glass slippers. Oh godmother, is this me? Yes dear, it is indeed you. You are beautiful to look at, and a loving
soul also. Now off you go to the ball. Cinderella hugged her fairy godmother and
started towards the coach. Just a minute, child. Remember, my power will stop at the stroke
of midnight. The coach shall become a pumpkin, and you
shall be back in your rags, so make sure you are home before the clock strikes midnight. I will remember that. Thank you so much for everything, and goodbye. Cinderella sat in the fancy coach and left
for the ball. When she reached, the ball had already started. As Cinderella stepped in, everyone turned
to look at her. Cinderella stood uncertainly at the door,
when the prince himself came forward to guide her in. I don’t think I have ever seen anyone as
beautiful as you. Would you please dance with me? Cinderella let the prince guide her to the
dance floor. She couldn’t believe that the prince himself
wanted to dance with her! Who is that creature, Anastasia? Doesn’t she look familiar? She is a bit pretty, but she can’t compare
with us. The prince shall soon leave her and make his
way to us. However, the prince couldn’t take his eyes
off Cinderella. Cinderella had never enjoyed herself so much
in her entire life. When she glanced at the clock, it was about
to strike twelve. She pulled herself away from the prince and
ran down the stairs. In her hurry to leave, one of her little glass
slippers fell off. The prince ran after her, but Cinderella was
nowhere in sight. As he turned away, Cinderella’s little glass
slipper caught his eye. This is the slipper of the lovely lady I have
spent the evening with. This has to be love, for I cannot think of
a life without her now. Oh, my love, I will find you and will make
you mine. The next morning, the prince called for his
courtiers. Take this glass slipper to every corner of
the kingdom till you find the fair lady whose foot it fits. The courtiers went to each and every home
to search for the prince’s sweetheart. Finally, they reached the house where Cinderella
lived. We have been sent by the prince. All the fair ladies in this house are requested
to please try on this slipper. The one whose foot fits this slipper shall
be the prince’s chosen wife. Drizella, Drizella, come quick. The prince’s courtier has come with a slipper. The prince will marry the one it fits. Oh, I’m sure I’m going to be the chosen
one. You may try it on also if it makes you happy,
sister. Humph! Always full of yourself as usual. Here, boy, let me try it on. Anastasia tried the slipper on, but no way
would her large foot fit into the tiny slipper. I don’t think that slipper can fit anyone
other than a child. Drizella then tried the slipper. Her foot was slimmer than Anastasia’s, but
it would not fit into the slipper, though she tried to squeeze it in in every way possible. Excuse me, ladies, is there any other lady
in this house? Of course not! You are just wasting your time. No way will this fit the foot of a lady. As the courtiers were about to leave, they
caught sight of Cinderella near the kitchen door. This young lady has not tried on the slipper. Please, this way… Oh, I don’t think… Come, come. Every lady must try it on. Cinderella came forward shyly and hesitantly
to try on the slipper. She slid it on, and the slipper fit her perfectly. Her stepmother and sisters were shocked.. When did she go to the ball? I don’t believe this! Oh, will someone get me my smelling salts? We have good news, Prince. We have with us the young lady whose foot
perfectly fit the glass slipper. The prince immediately recognized Cinderella,
even though she was not wearing the grand clothes that she was wearing on the day of
the ball. The king and queen were also overjoyed that
their son had chosen such a beautiful bride. My darling, I would have recognized you no
matter what you wore. You have stolen my heart, and I cannot wait
to make you my princess. There was great feasting and rejoicing in
the kingdom when the prince married Cinderella. Cinderella’s family was also invited, who
were very repentant of the way they had treated her. However, the good soul that Cinderella was,
she forgave her family. I am blessed to find such a wonderful husband. I shall request him to allow my family to
stay at the palace also. I wish I could see my dear godmother just
once more to thank her. Cinderella and her prince lived happily for
many years, ruling wisely over their kingdom. text Fairy, fairy, fairy
Dancing in the sky Hiding under flowers
Fairy is really shy! Take a look in your garden
Are there fairies hiding there? You might need to look closely
Be careful! They're easy to scare! Fairy, fairy, fairy
Dancing in the sky Hiding under flowers
Fairy is really shy! Many people don't know this
Fairies often use a disguise So they can play in the day
They pretend to be butterflies! Fairy, fairy, fairy
Dancing in the sky Hiding under flowers
Fairy is really shy! [Let's sing it again] Fairy, fairy, fairy
Dancing in the sky Hiding under flowers
Fairy is really shy! Take a look in your garden
Are there fairies hiding there? You might need to look closely
Be careful! They're easy to scare! Fairy, fairy, fairy
Dancing in the sky Hiding under flowers
Fairy is really shy! Many people don't know this
Fairies often use a disguise So they can play in the day
They pretend to be butterflies! Fairy, fairy, fairy
Dancing in the sky Hiding under flowers
Fairy is really shy! text the shoemaker and the elves there once lived a shoemaker with his wife they were very very poor but was still always happy well i have just enough leather for one more pair of shoes what will we do now don't worry my dear i'm sure something will happen and we will not starve i am tired now so i will just cut out the weather tomorrow morning I will wake up early and make the shoes the shoemaker cut the leather and left it on his work table he then went to bed I am so tired i hope i am able to wake up early or the shoes won't be ready the next morning the shoemaker went to complete the shoes as soon as he woke up bringing my breakfast here my dear I better get on with making the shoes but when the shoemaker went to his work table he was in for a big surprise what is this how did the shoes get done hey wife I don't here quickly what's the matter are you okay take a look at this the shoes are ready what do you mean the shoes already you told me last night that you would complete them this morning I know I know I don't understand how they got done and are you sure you didn't make them yourself and just forget about it you think I'm going crazy i remember very well I only cut the leather the night before well I really don't know what to say and look how beautifully they have been stitched far better than i have ever done so myself just then a man enters the shop hey are those shoes for style sure they are sir they look pretty good let me try them on and see if they friends the man tried the shoes on walking about all there are perfect fit and so comfortable to hear keep this money and pack them up the shoemaker looked at the money and then at the man in surprise now what are you looking at me for I think of giving you a fair price for those shoes pack them up fast I mean a real hurry oh sure sir i'll pack them in a minute as soon as the man left the shoemaker ran to his wife a wife look at this that's a neat sum of money we did you get it from you won't believe a man came into the shop and bought the shoes he liked them so much that he didn't even ask me how much they were for he just gave me the money and went away oh the good Lord has been so kind to us yes yes didn't I tell you something would happen i'm off to the leather shop now with this money I can buy enough leather to make two pairs of shoes the Happy Tree Maker went to buy the leather for making two more pairs of shoes I better hurry back and start cutting leather I have to cut it out for two pairs of shoes now the shoemaker returned home and called out to his wife look my dear i have bought such lovely leather far better than the earlier one I'm going to get started to get two pairs of shoes ready you've just come back you must be tired come have your dinner and then you can start the cutting the shoemaker and his wife sat down to have dinner you cooked a very delicious dinner I must say I've eaten so much i wonder how i will work now I'm glad you enjoyed the meal you deserve it you are a good and honest man thank you dear you're a Good Wife too I think you better just cut the leather and finish making the shoes in the morning make an early start and you should have them ready by afternoon the shoemaker dear does his wife set after cutting the leather he kept it on the worktable as before and headed for bed and what a pleasant surprise he got again the next day two pairs of perfectly so shoes were lying on the worktable wife come here look at this you still think i was imagining things yesterday that perfect shoes but what is happening just then someone called out hello anyone there oh it is the gentleman who bought the shoes yesterday I hope there is nothing wrong with the shoes he bought the shoemaker let the man into his shop my friends like my shoes so much that he wants me to pick up a pair for him I hope you have something ready come in come in sir i have two pairs ready please see if you like any are these are real smart ones i'll take one for my friend and the other one for myself I must say you've done a very good job the shoemaker and his wife was so happy they danced with joy that man has been very generous i now have enough money to buy leather for several pairs of shoes every night the shoemaker would cut the leather and in the morning there will be beautiful sound smart shoes sitting on his work table his shoes became so popular that people from far and wide came to buy them we had chest enough leather to make one pair of shoes and now we're shoes are selling faster than we can make them yes dear has been but don't you think we should try and find out how the shoes are being made every night oh yes why didn't I think about it someone is being very kind to us and I think we should know who it is but how are we going to do that well I have an idea tonight we will hide behind the curtain and wait to see what happened that is indeed a brilliant idea so that night after cutting the leather for the shoes the shoemaker and his wife hid themselves and waited to see what would happen and what an amazing sight they saw soon after midnight so little elves jumped in from the open window after playing around for some time they went to the table and sat down there little nimble fingers went so so so tap tap tap click click click with lightning speed and soon the shoes were already in line up up they then jumped out of the window and vanished in a jiffy goodness gracious me it is those little darlings you have been making the shoes all these days they are so tiny but what a wonderful job they do I wonder who they are and where they came from forget about that winter is setting in soon they will be feeling cold are yes you are right it's time we gave them a little gift for all that they have done for us but what can we do for them I know what I am going to make them tiny little shirts and pants and even little codes and you can make them cute little shoes what do you think that's a wonderful idea let's get about doing it and so the shoemaker and his wife spent the entire day making the gifts for the else Oh what cute little pants and shirts the shoemaker's wife made she even made little bow ties to go with the counts and the shi maker made the tiniest passive shoes for the little fellows I am so excited I can't wait to see what they will do when they see these once again that night the shoemaker and his wife hid behind the curtains and once again after midnight the little elves jumped in and went to the table to start making the shoes when there's other clothes and shoes waiting for them they looked out that was surprised then looked at each other and with a big whoop they grabbed the clients and quickly put them on how happy they were they clapped and jumped excitedly and dance on the table singing silly songs we have new clothes we have close we are so happy with our new roads after a while the elves once again jumped out of the window and vanished i am so glad our little gift gave them so much pleasure yes so the gift was very small for what they did for us let them the little darlings the elves never came back but never again did the shoemaker and his wife ever have problems again for as long as they lived text The Story of Goldilocks and the Three Bears
Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Goldilocks. She went for a walk in the forest. Pretty soon, she came upon a house. She knocked and, when no one answered, she
walked right in. At the table in the kitchen, there were three
bowls of porridge. Goldilocks was hungry. She tasted the porridge from the first bowl. "This porridge is too hot!" she exclaimed. So, she tasted the porridge from the second
bowl. "This porridge is too cold," she said
So, she tasted the last bowl of porridge. "Ahhh, this porridge is just right," she said
happily and she ate it all up. After she'd eaten the three bears' breakfasts
she decided she was feeling a little tired. So, she walked into the living room where
she saw three chairs. Goldilocks sat in the first chair to rest
her feet. "This chair is too big!" she exclaimed. So she sat in the second chair. "This chair is too big, too!" she whined. So she tried the last and smallest chair. "Ahhh, this chair is just right," she sighed. But just as she settled down into the chair
to rest, it broke into pieces! Goldilocks was very tired by this time, so
she went upstairs to the bedroom. She lay down in the first bed, but it was
too hard. Then she lay in the second bed, but it was
too soft. Then she lay down in the third bed and it
was just right. Goldilocks fell asleep. As she was sleeping, the three bears came
home. "Someone's been eating my porridge," growled
the Papa bear. "Someone's been eating my porridge," said
the Mama bear. "Someone's been eating my porridge and they
ate it all up!" cried the Baby bear. "Someone's been sitting in my chair," growled
the Papa bear. "Someone's been sitting in my chair," said
the Mama bear. "Someone's been sitting in my chair and they've
broken it all to pieces," cried the Baby bear. They decided to look around some more and
when they got upstairs to the bedroom, Papa bear growled, "Someone's been sleeping in
my bed," "Someone's been sleeping in my bed, too" said
the Mama bear "Someone's been sleeping in my bed and she's
still there!" exclaimed Baby bear. Just then, Goldilocks woke up and saw the
three bears. She screamed, "Help!" And she jumped up and ran out of the room. Goldilocks ran down the stairs, opened the
door, and ran away into the forest. And she never returned to the home of the
three bears. THE END text Victor: This is
 Fairy Tales Unplugged.  Today's story... The Little
Mermaid. ♪ ♪ ♪ Hello
Hello [vocalizes] ♪ I'm the mermaid
right here in the sea ♪ In the sea ♪ Up on land is where
I want to be ♪ Where she
wants to be ♪ [vocalizes] ♪ I want to feel
the sand in my toes ♪ My woes
Oh oh oh oh no ♪ I want to
be on the land ♪ How can I
get on the land Ursula! I can go to Ursula!
Yes! ♪ ♪ Hi, Ursula! Hello. My name is Ariel. And I'd love
to walk on the land. ♪ Okay, well there's a couple
things that I'm gonna need from you Anything.
Anything. ♪ So you say
you want to walk Yes. ♪ Well, are you willing to
give up the power of talk? You're voice, I'm asking
you for your voice. I guess... Okay, cool. I just need
you sign right here. Okay, yeah, do you
have a pen? Okay, there
we go. There
you go. ♪ We have a deal
We have a deal ♪ We have a deal
We have a deal ♪ That's right now, I got your
beautiful singing voice ♪ But it's all good now
You got legs So go have fun.
Go get 'em tiger! ♪ So Ariel went to the land
and she found herself ♪ A really cool guy
He was a prince ♪ ♪ ♪ Hello I'm the Prince ♪ Hello lady, how are you? ♪ Nice to meet you
My name's the Prince ♪ And I...
What's your name ♪ ♪ ♪ What was that? Oh, okay. All right. ♪ Well the Prince couldn't
understand her ♪ So then she went
back to Ursula Hello. Wh-What is that? I can't...
Could you speak up? ♪ ♪ Oh, you're having
hip problems. That's okay, it's new legs.
Just break them in a little bit. Oh, a haircut. I mean, we
all need from time to time. ♪ ♪ Oh, your voice.
You want your voice back. ♪ Well I cannot lie
It's been a great time ♪ And I really
enjoyed your voice ♪ But I guess if you
really really really ♪ really want it back then I
don't really have a choice So, yeah, just ask nicely and I
can give you back your voice. Okay, please.
There you go, sign here. There you go. ♪ I have my voice Yes! ♪ I can meet my
prince at last ♪ I'll be right back ♪ ♪ Hi. Hey. You remember me?
I'm Ariel. We met before on the land
and I had legs and I was just like swimming... Shhh! Of course
I remember you. Do you want
to grab lunch? I would
love that. Okay. ♪ So then Ariel and the Prince
they went on a trip ♪ Bye bye ♪ ♪ ♪ Bye bye ♪ Bye bye text Oh, hello again! In my many years of studying nursery rhymes, fairy tales and fables, I have noticed that sometimes even the most confusing problems have the simplest solutions So here are three stories that only need a little bit of fixing A quick fix if you will Goldilocks and the Three Bears, The Gingerbread Man, and Little Miss Muffet. Let's give them a quick fix, shall we? And when we get back from our walk, the temperature of the porridge will be just riiiiight Wait a minute dear, Shouldn't we lock the door before we leave? Oh? Oh, oh, silly meee Of course we should lock the door. Someone might have broken in! And eat our porridge! Don't be ridiculous baby bear... Noone would eat other people's.. (fading) Look! It's a house! I bet it's full of delicious food, and chairs and beds Oh no, it's locked! I guess I'll just go back home Instead of wandering the woods unattended, trying to get into other people's houses! I think my gingerbread man is finally ready to come out of the oven! And doesn't he smell delicious? I'll just keep this window closed, to keep all of this delicious gingerbread smell inside AH, ah ah ah! Run, run, as fast as you can! You can't catch me, I'm the gingerbrea- Not so fast, cookie! Mmmh. What do we have here? Little Miss Muffet seems to be eating something delicious! Time for the old scare, snatch and grab routine. Mmmh. Nothing like a bowl of curds and whey in the morning Yes, I just love these little dairy blobs, floating in this wattery chocolate goop Blobs and goop? And the way they squeak as you bite them! Just makes me giggle! (giggling) That sounds disgusting! Yes, most people throw away milk when it's been sitting out too long But not me! I wait until the milk gets chunky, then I use it to make these amazing curds and whey I think I'm gonna be sick. Keep your nasty curds and whey, lady! And there you have it! Three defective stories fixed in record time! Excellent! Hmm? What's that? Oh, right, the moral, of course! Let's see... The moral is... Em... Always lock your door! Close your window while baking! And people will never steal your food, if it's gross. Never. The End! text Goldilocks and the three bears In a dense forest there lived in a little cottage the family of father bear mother bear and baby bear what a pretty cottage it was  with bright yellow curtains a pretty red rug and lovely flowers growing outside now the bear family loved porridge and mama bear made its everyday mama bear is the forage ready oh yes I'm just bringing it to the table that smells nice but i think the porridge is very hot i will certainly burn my tongue if I eat it now what shall we do now I know it's such a beautiful day let's go for a walk and when we return the porridge must have cooled down by then come on baby bear put on your mittens and bonnets we're going for a walk oh I love to go for walk maybe i will find some wait for me pop on mama and yes yes darling we are waiting make it quick and so the bear family went out into the forest for a wall now on the edge of the forest there lived a young girl who had beautiful long golden hair and everyone called her Goldilocks she loved to spend her time with the little animals in the forest the birds and butterflies and the tall green trees and colorful flowers all around one morning she got ready is usual to go out there I'm going for a walk in the forest Oh Goldilocks see if you can find some berries there i was thinking of making a nice berry pie for dinner tonight but don't go too far dear i've heard there are some bears living in the forest boo berry pie i just love it I know a place where there are some sweet blueberries growing it is not too far so don't worry mother I'll be back soon so Goldilocks set off to war forest how she loved to go there the flowers the little rabbits and old the colorful butterflies that you might go to look so happy i think i will take some of these pretty pink flowers for mother I know she will love them they will look so pretty on the table all ah I wonder where my friends are a little bunnies go hop hop hop naughty monkeys that suddenly from trees drop beautiful butterfly is full living from flower to flower then flying are far far where are all my little friends I can't see any of them today so looking for the rabbits of the beautiful butterflies Goldilocks kept going farther and farther into the forest after walking for some time Goldilocks thought she was lost where am I it seemed to have come very far they promised mama that I would not i am so tired suddenly Goldilocks or something a little ahead what is this cottage in the middle of the forest this can't beat Goldilocks went near and peeped through the window the casino i wonder if i can rest here for a minute hello hello anyone there they're just seen anyone around Oh doors open slowly Goldilocks pushed open the door around then went into the culture is very lovely caught it ah I smell something very nice in time suddenly feeling very hungry yeah on the table Goldilocks or three bowls with had porridge in them this is a nice big ball i will have the porridge from this one oh it is so high i think i have burned my tongue after a few minutes Goldilocks tried the porridge in the second bowl this is too cold it is not tasting nice then she went to the last bowl which was the smallest i like this porridge I hope no one will mind by having it i'm so hungry that was so yummy after finishing off of the porridge in the small bowl Goldilocks started to feel drowsy i think i will rest here for some time and then go home Oh stairs too big it is not at all comfortable so saying she went to the next chair which was mother best chair but found that share two big also i think the small chair should be fine but as Goldilocks at down on baby bears chair the chair broke and she fell down out that hurt the tears broken oh I hope the owner will not be very angry Goldilocks tried her best to put the chair back together again but couldn't do so i have been a bad girl today I promise mama that I will not go far and i did now I have eaten someone's pour it and broken their chair Goldilocks was feeling very very sorry for being a naughty child she decided that she would wait for a while until the owner came back so that she could say sorry to him I do hope the owners of this cottage will be kind and forgive me I really did not mean to eat his porridge and break his chair Goldilocks went to the window to see if anyone was around but she could see no one I will wait for a few minutes more only otherwise it will become dark and i will be able to find my way back home Oh mom is going to be so angry with me Goldilocks looked around for some place where she could wait and wandered into the next room where there were three beds I am so tired and the beds look so inviting I'll just rest here for a few minutes she went to the largest state and lay down this bed is so hard i don't think i will be comfortable here Goldilocks got out of father bears bed and went to mother bears paid this bed is too soft i will just sink into it let me try the last bed Goldilocks then when so baby bears bed ah this is so comfortable and nice i will lie down for just a few minutes and then go back home I will have to go and say sorry to mama also for being so late tho Goldilocks thought of resting for a few minutes only she was so tired that she soon fell fast asleep soon after the three bears came back from my walk I'm hungry now after the long walk and the porridge must have cooled by now what's this someone has been having my porridge someone has been having my ports 200 my porridge well I eat now now now baby don't worry i will give you some more but who could have come here no one ever comes so deep into the forest someone has been sitting on my chair mother bear baby bear hurry to look at their chairs I think someone has been sitting on my tier two oh mama Papa look broke my chair who could it be let's look around and see if there's someone in our house they all go to the next group i see someone has been sleeping on my bed and someone has been sleeping on my bed too oh mama Papa has shown sleeping on my bag I'm sure value ate my porridge and broke my chair come on Papa the loud sounds of baby been made Goldilocks wake up with the start and she got the fright of her life she jumped out of bed ran to the open window jumped out and ran away as fast as a little legs could carry ER oh the poor thing we really scared her she ate my pouring she broke my chair she's horrible I'll come on baby you can always get more ports in a new chair but that portal think that's so scared I don't think we'll ever see her again Goldilocks did not stop running till she reached her house she had never imagined that the cottage where she decided to rest belong to bears mother mother what is the matter my dear you are so wait and I was so worried why are you panting like this oh mama I saw some beers in the forest and I was so scared that it's strand and ran I dropped all the berries i had collected and even some pretty flowers i had picked for you oh my child promise me you'll never go so far again I promise mother I will never do it again now go wash your hands and have your dinner and then go right up to bed you've had a nasty fright but a good night's sleep will make you feel better I will never ever disobey my mother again i am lucky that I managed to escape just in time of course Goldilocks didn't know that the Bears were very friendly and would not have harmed her but she did learn a very good lesson that day didn't she but as he plucked the Rose a horrible-looking beast dressed in royal finery glared at him from behind the bush with eyes blazing you are ungrateful man text Paper Puppet Playhouse presents... Goldilocks and the Three Bears Once upon a time there were three bears who
lived in a house in the forest. There was Papa Bear… Mmm... porridge with brown sugar and cinnamon...my
favorite. Mama Bear… Ah porridge. Delightful. ...and Baby Bear… Just once I’d like ice cream for breakfast. They sat down to eat, when suddenly… Oh everyone, stop what you are doing. This porridge is just too hot. What are we going to do? I have an idea, Papa. It’s a lovely morning. Let’s go for a walk. While we walk, our porridge will cool. Brilliant idea, Mama. One fine summer day Goldilocks was out walking
in the woods. She liked to stroll between the trees and
smell the forest flowers. Before long, however, she realized that she
was lost. Oh dear, I do believe I’m lost. I should have brought some bread crumbs to
find my way home again. I guess I’ll keep walking. I suppose I can’t stand here and hope that
someone finds me. She came to a tidy-looking cottage. What a lovely cottage. I shall ask for help there. Hello? Hello? Is anybody home? But no one answered. Hello? Hellooooo? Oh my. To Goldilocks’s surprise, the front door was unlocked. Well, this is surprising. Perhaps they are very friendly people who
left their door open on purpose In case a person who is lost needs help. Goldilocks stepped just inside the doorway. Hello? Hello? But no one answered. Then, Goldilocks smelled something wonderful
coming from the kitchen table. [Sniff sniff] Something smells delicious. Mmm...porridge with brown sugar and cinnamon. The smell of the porridge reminded Goldilocks
that she had not eaten since breakfast. [Stomach growls] Oooh! My tummy is quite hungry. This porridge will go to waste if someone
doesn’t eat it soon! I’m sure they won’t mind if I have just
a teeny tiny taste. She tried the porridge in the big red bowl. Oh my, this big red bowl of porridge is much
much too hot. She tried the porridge in the blue bowl. Oh, this blue bowl of porridge is much much
too cold. Brr... Mmm… this yellow bowl of porridge is not
too hot. Not too cold. In fact, this porridge is just right. And before she knew it, Goldilocks finished
all the porridge in the yellow bowl. I was hungrier than I thought. Goldilocks decided to wait for the people
to come home. I shall sit here and wait. Oh, this red chair is much much too hard. It feels like a rock. So she tried the blue chair. Oh my, this blue chair is much much too soft. It feels like it’s going to swallow me up. Then she tried the yellow chair. Ah, this yellow chair is much better. It’s not too hard, and not too soft. It’s just right. Oh, oh dear. I’m going to have some explaining to do. Maybe if I can find some glue, I can fix it. Goldilocks went upstairs in search of glue. She found a bedroom, with three beds. [Yawn] I am a little sleepy. Maybe I’ll have a little nap, and then I’ll
fix the chair. Oh dear, this red bed is much much too hard. I can’t possibly sleep here. So she tried the blue bed. Oh, this blue bed is much much too soft. I couldn’t sleep here. So she tried the little yellow bed. Ah, this yellow bed is much better. It’s not too hard, and not too soft. It is just right. I could very easily fall aslee-- [snores]. While Goldilocks slept, the Bear family returned
from their morning walk. That walk sure made me hungry for some yummy porridge. Heh heh heh. You’re always hungry, Papa. Land’s sakes. We left the front door open! I’m sure I closed it. Papa Bear checks his red bowl. Hey, someone has been eating my porridge. How rude! Mama walks to her blue bowl. My my, someone has been eating my porridge,
too! Oh, germs! Baby bear looks into his yellow bowl. Hey, someone has been eating MY porridge,
and they ate it all up! Can I have ice cream? No. Ah, rats. The Bear family walked into their living room. Hey, someone has been sitting in my red chair. Mama Bear looks at her chair. And someone has been sitting in my blue chair. Someone has been eating in my yellow chair,
and they broke it! This makes me so sad. Can I have some ice cream now? No. Alright everyone, stay close. We have a porridge-eating chair-breaker in
the house. The Bear family cautiously went upstairs. Hey, someone has been sleeping in my red bed. And someone has been sleeping in my blue bed,
and mussed up my quilt. The nerve! And someone has been sleeping in my yellow
bed. And they’re still here! Careful, Papa. It might be a dragon! Why, it’s a little girl! Or a dragon in disguise. They’re clever. Who are you? Did you eat our porridge, and sit in our chairs? I’m so sorry. I was lost in the woods and came in to find
help. My name is Goldilocks You broke my chair! It was an accident. I’m so sorry! Who’s going to fix it? Oh it’s okay, Papa. Come now, let’s call your parents. Oh, thank you! And please, let me help fix the broken chair. I’m quite handy with glue. And true to her word, Goldilocks helped fix
Baby Bear’s chair. She also did the breakfast dishes, and straightened
Mama Bear’s quilt. Mama Bear phoned Goldilock’s mother, who
came to walk her home. It was so kind of you to take care of Goldilocks. As a thank you, I’ve brought you some ice
cream. Ice cream! Yes! Can I have some now, Mama? Oh all right. Yes, you can. Thank you for the ice cream! text Coloring Art Tables One rainy day, She was driving a car. She wanted to get to the city quickly At that time, the witch was floating in the sky. The witch found a car. The witch thought she would catch the person in the car and use it as a slave. She found out that there was little oil in the car. At this time, Halloween party was held at Monster Castle. Monster King, the owner of Monster Castle, noticed that cars and witches were near the castle. He changed the sign so the car could come to his castle. After seeing the sign, She turned to the castle. The witch who saw the castle ran away because the monster king was scared. She is happy when she arrives at the castle. But she was surprised to open the gate and look inside. Because so many monsters looked at her. She was terrified. At that time, Monster King teleported to her side. He is at a Halloween party, so He asked her to have fun with her. At his request, she joined a Halloween party. The fairy dressed her up for the Halloween party. He saw her and thought she was beautiful. She went out because she wanted to see the full moon. At that time, the witch who was watching outside found her. As the witch approached to catch her, the monster king appeared. He magically stunned her. He approached her and asked if she wanted to see the full moon up close. She said Yes. He hugged her and flew over the sky. They had a happy time. text Long ago there lived a little brother and sister, whose names were Hansel and Gretel. They lived with their father and stepmother in a tiny cottage at the edge of a forest. Hansel and Gretel's father was a woodcutter. He used to chop trees in the forest. He didn't earn very much money from his work. So the family had very little to eat. Hansel and Gretel's stepmother did not like the children. She thought they ate too much. and that caring for them was too much work. One night, she complained to Hansel and Gretel's father. I am fed up with your children. You need to leave them in the woods. I can't do that! They are my children! Of course you can! I'll show you how! Tomorrow at dawn, we'll take them into the forest and leave them there! Hansel was still awake. And he heard everything his stepmother had said. Later that night, Hansel snuck out of the house and picked up some shiny white pebbles that were sparkling in the dark. At dawn the next day, Hansel and Gretel's stepmother called out to them. Your father and I are going to the forest to chop wood. You children are coming with us. Here's a loaf of bread in case you get hungry. As they walked into the forest, Hansel secretly dropped the pebbles he had to mark the path. When they arrived deep in the heart of the forest, the children's father and stepmother split off to chop some wood. We are going to chop wood. You two must wait here till we return. Yes, mother! The kids spent the whole day alone in the forest. As night approached, Hansel and Gretel's father and stepmother had not returned. Hansel, I'm starting to get really scared. When are mother and father going to come back to take us home? I don't think they're coming back, Gretel. But you don't have to worry. I'll get us home. The pebbles Hansel had dropped on the ground were sparkling in the dark. And the kids were able to follow them all the way back to their house. Their father was delighted to see them. Hansel and Gretel! Thank goodness you are safe! I am sorry! I'll never leave you alone again. A few days later, Hansel and Gretel's father went to the town to repair his axe. And Hansel and Gretel were left alone in the house with their stepmother. Hmm! Now that their father is far away. This is the perfect time for me to get rid of those brats. The evil stepmother ordered the children out of the house. Come on, you. We are going to have a picnic in the forest. A picnic? Now? Hansel didn't trust his stepmother. He secretly snatched a loaf of bread and hid it away. As they walked into the forest Hansel dropped breadcrumbs on the ground behind him. Once they were deep inside the forest, their stepmother looked at them harshly and said You two wait here! I'll come back in a little while. The children waited. But their stepmother didn't come back. It grew dark and Gretel again started to feel very afraid. Hansel, let's go home. I'm scared. We need to wait until morning, Gretel. I left a trail of breadcrumbs but we won't be able to see them until morning when it's brighter. When the sun rose, Hansel and Gretel went looking for the breadcrumbs. But they couldn't find them anywhere. Oh no! The birds and the mice must have eaten the breadcrumbs! How will we go home now? Hansel and Gretel walked and walked through the forest. Hoping to find someone who could help them. After some time Hansel and Gretel came across a marvellous house. It was made of gingerbread and decorated with chocolates, gumdrops and a bunch of other sweets. Look at that house, Hansel! It's made of our favorite sweets! Mmm! It looks so yummy! The two children were so hungry that they broke off big pieces of the house and started eating them. An old woman came out of the house. She smiled when she saw Hansel and Gretel. You poor children. You must be very hungry. Come in. I'll give you some hot milk to drink. Hansel and Gretel went into the old woman's house, where she fed them very nicely Drink as much as you like, children. Don't be shy. There's plenty. When Hansel and Gretel had finished, they told the old woman that they wanted to go home. Thank you for feeding us. Can you tell us how we can go home now? The old woman laughed Home? Never! You two are staying here! So that I can eat you up! Huh? Poor Hansel and Gretel! The old woman had trapped them. By the time the children realized that the old woman, was a child-eating witch, who had built a house of sweets to trap them. It was too late. The old witch locked Hansel up in a cage. You stay here boy, until you are plump enough for me to eat. The witch then turned to Gretel. You my dear, work for me now! She made Gretel cook, and clean, and wash, and scrub. In the mornings, the old witch would check to see if Hansel was plump enough to eat. Show me your finger, Hansel. Let's see how plump you are. Knowing the old witch didn't see well, Hansel would trick her by holding out a chicken bone. Aagh! You are still too skinny. One morning, the witch was feeling very hungry. Angrily, she called out to Gretel. Gretel, today I am going to eat Hansel for breakfast. Fill up the big pot with boiling water. I will make a nice Hansel soup. Poor Gretel! She didn't know what to do. She knew she had to save Hansel and so thought of a plan as she was putting the pot of water to boil. After some time, the old witch came to see if the water in the pot was boiling. Is the water boiling yet? I'm ready to eat. Uh, I'm not sure. I can't see inside the pot. It's too high for me. The witch was so eager to eat Hansel that she climbed up on the stove and peeped inside the pot. Clever little Gretel, then pushed the old witch into the pot with all her might. Uhhhh! Eeeeyow! The old witch fell into the boiling water, and Gretel closed the lid. She then unlocked the cage and let Hansel out. The old witch is gone, Hansel. We can go home now. Hooray! Not only was the witch gone, but Hansel and Gretel found a pot full of gold coins in the witch's house. We'll be able to buy plenty of food with this. After walking for a very long time, Hansel and Gretel finally found their way out of the forest. When they reached home, their father was waiting for them. Children! I'm so happy to see you. Thank goodness you've come back. I've kicked your stepmother out of the house. She will never bother us again. Hansel and Gretel showed their father the gold coins they had found. He was delighted! The three of them were never short of money again. And they all lived happily ever after. text Welcome to Little Cozy Nook. Once upon a time, near a deep, dark forest,
there lived a poor woodcutter with his wife and two children. The boy was named Hansel, and the girl was
named Gretel. The family never had very much to eat, and
now, when times were hard, people around the land were starving, and the poor woodcutter
could not get enough food to feed his family. As he lay in bed one night, tossing and turning
with worry, he turned to his wife and said, “What is going to happen to us? How can we feed our poor children when we
haven’t got enough for ourselves?” “Listen to me,” said his wife. “Early tomorrow morning,” the coldhearted
 woman said, “we’ll take the children deep into the woods. We’ll give each of them a piece of bread,
and make a fire. Then we’ll leave them and go about our work. They won’t find the way home in time for
dinner, and we will eat their share.” “No!” said the man. “I cannot do that. I cannot leave my children alone in the woods,
where there are wild animals. It will get dark and cold as the sun sets.” “Then you are a fool,” snapped the woman. “You might as well accept it that we will
all starve.” Then she nagged the poor man, and scolded
him, and kept at him until at last, he agreed. “But I feel sorry for my poor children,”
he said quietly. The two children were so hungry that they
had not been able to sleep, and so they heard everything their stepmother said to their
father. Gretel cried, but Hansel whispered, “Don’t
worry, I will think of something.” And when their parents had gone to sleep,
Hansel got up, put on his little coat, and sneaked outside. The moon was shining brightly, and the white
pebbles that lay in front of the house glittered like silver coins. Hansel stooped and filled the pocket of his
coat with as many pebbles as it would hold. Then he tiptoed back to bed and said to Gretel,
“Go to sleep, little sister.” At daybreak the woman came and woke the two
children. “Get up, you lazybones! We’re going to the forest to get some wood.” She gave them each a piece of bread and said,
“That’s your food for the day. Don’t eat it all at once, because it is
all you are going to get. We will have supper after we return from the
woods. That is, if you are home in time.” Gretel carried both pieces of bread in her
apron, for Hansel’s pockets were full of pebbles. They all started out on their way to the forest. As they walked, Hansel kept turning and looking
back at the house, again and again. His father said, “Hansel, what are you looking
at? You must watch where you’re going.” “Oh,” said Hansel, “I’m just looking
at my little white kitten, sitting on the roof of the house to say good-bye.” 8 The
wife said, “You little fool, that’s not your kitten. That’s just the sun shining on the chimney. Now, come along!” But Hansel stayed a few steps behind, and
kept turning, and each time he turned he dropped a pebble from his pocket to mark the way. When they were deep in the forest, the father
said, “Gather some firewood, children. I’ll start a fire so you won’t get cold
while we work.” Hansel and Gretel gathered a little mountain
of twigs and sticks, and when the fire was burning, the wife said, “Stay by the fire,
you two. We have to go and cut wood. When we’re finished, we’ll come back to
get you.” So Hansel and Gretel sat by the fire. After a time, they ate their bread. And after a longer time, they got so tired
that they closed their eyes and fell asleep. When they woke, it was dark, and they were
all alone. Gretel began to cry, but Hansel comforted
her. “Wait a little until the moon rises,”
he said. Why do you think Hansel gathered pebbles? When the full moon had risen, Hansel took
his little sister by the hand and followed the pebbles, which glittered like silver coins
and showed them the way. They walked on through the night, and at last,
at the break of day, they came to their father’s house. They knocked on the door, and when the woman
opened it she was shocked. But all she said was, “Why, there you are! Why did you stay so long in the forest? We thought you were never coming home again.” Of course their father was glad to see them,
for it had broken his heart to leave them alone. Not very long afterward, times were hard again,
and there was little food to eat. Again the children heard their stepmother
say to their father one night, “There’s nothing left but a half loaf of bread. After that, we’re done! We don’t have enough food for ourselves
and the children. This time we’ll take them so deep in the
forest that they won’t find their way back for a week!” “But, wife,” said the man, with a heavy
heart, “it would be better to share our last bite of food with the children.” But the wife would not listen to him. And, she knew if she kept at him, she could
get him to give in and agree with her plan as he did before. Much later, when their parents were asleep,
Hansel got up to collect pebbles just as he did before. But he couldn’t get out—his stepmother
had figured out how they found their way home last time and had locked the door! So Hansel got back in bed and tried to think
of a different plan. Early the next morning the woman roused the
children out of bed. She gave them a piece of bread, even smaller
than before. As they walked into the woods, Hansel broke
up the bread in his pocket, and every once in a while he stopped to throw a crumb on
the ground. “Hansel,” said his father, “what do
you keep stopping and looking back for?” “I’m looking at a little pigeon that’s
sitting on the roof and wants to say goodbye to me,” answered Hansel. “Little fool,” said the wife, “that’s
not a pigeon. It’s only the sun shining on the chimney.” So they walked on, and Hansel dropped bread
crumbs all along the way. The woman led the children deeper into the
forest than they had ever been in all their lives. Again, they gathered sticks for a fire, and
the woman said, “Sit there, children, and when you are tired, go to sleep. We’re going to cut wood, and when we’re
finished we’ll come get you.” Later, when it was lunchtime, Gretel shared
her small piece of bread with Hansel, because he had left his in crumbs along the path. Then they fell asleep. As evening came, no one came to get them. When they woke it was dark, and they were
alone. When the moon rose, they started for home,
but they could not find the bread crumbs. The birds had eaten them up. “Come, Gretel,” said Hansel, “I know
we can find our way.” But they couldn’t find it. They went on all night, and the next day from
morning until evening, but they could not find their way out of the forest. They were terribly hungry, for they had nothing
to eat but a few berries. When they were so tired that they could drag
themselves no farther, they lay down under a tree and fell asleep. text - [Female] Hansel and Gretel. There once was a family with
a father and two children named Hansel and Gretel. The father was a woodcutter but times were tough and there wasn't much wood
to cut where they lived. He didn't want to go far away because he would have to
leave Hansel and Gretel alone. Hansel and Gretel wanted
to help so one day they decided to try to find
some more food for the family. They went into the woods while
their father was working. They knew they'd be walking very far so Hansel dropped a trail
of bread crumbs behind them. That way they would have
something to guide them back home. But what they didn't realize was that a duck was
following the bread trail eating up all of the crumbs. By mid day, Hansel and
Gretel hadn't found any food and they were getting so hungry they decided to go back home where they could rest in their own beds and eat a small lunch. But when they turned around, they saw only the duck. They were completely lost. They wandered and they wandered but no matter what they did, they couldn't find their way home. Then, a white bird wandered
up and looked right at them. They followed it through the woods and into a clearing where they saw the most delicious looking
house they had ever seen. It was made of gingerbread and candy and held together with
thick, gooey frosting. The closer they got, the
more their stomachs rumbled. The door opened and an old
woman poked her head out. "Oh, you poor dears, "you look positively
starved." she exclaimed. "Come inside, come inside." Hansel and Gretel were so hungry and tired that they didn't think twice about going into the woman's house. Once inside, she gave them
tons and tons of candy. They ate until they were stuffed. They were so content
that they both dozed off. When they awoke, it was
very warm inside the house. Gretel got up first to
see what was going on. The old woman had turned on her oven and was humming while she
mixed some spices up in a bowl. Something seemed off to Gretel. The woman looked scarier
than she had earlier when they were so hungry. "You're awake." she said
when she saw Gretel. Gretel nodded. She looked around to find Hansel and saw that he was still sleeping soundly but there was a cage around him. "I've had a wonderful
idea." said the old hag. "It's so drafty in here. "Why don't you get in the oven? "It will warm you right up." Gretel was too smart for that. She knew something wasn't
right about this old woman. Thinking fast, she said,
"You want me to do what?" "Get in the oven, dear."
said the old woman. "I don't understand." Gretel said. This woke Hansel up and
he watched from his cage. He could tell that Gretel
was up to something so he stayed as quiet as possible. "The oven, the oven." said the hag, leaning closer and closer
to the open oven door. Gretel took a deep breath, hoping that this would work. "Maybe you should show me what to do." The old woman sighed but she climbed up into the oven anyway. As soon as the woman was all the way in, Gretel slammed the oven door shut, broke Hansel out of the cage and grabbed him by the hand. Then they ran away as fast as they could. They ran for what felt like
hours before finally stopping. They were safe from the old woman but there was one problem, they still didn't know how to get home. There was a big lake and Hansel thought he might recognize the
trees at the other side but he couldn't be sure and neither of them could swim. But then a duck swam over to them. It was the same one from earlier who'd eaten their bread crumbs trail. "He could take us across." Gretel said. Hansel clambered onto the duck and it swam him across the lake. Then it came back and got Gretel. Once they were across,
everything did look familiar. They were able to get home so quickly then and the duck followed making sure they took all the right turns. Their father was so happy
to have them home and safe and Hansel and Gretel made sure never to wander
alone in the woods again. Thanks for watching! text Tia, today our teacher spoke to us  about putting others first before our own needs. Thats very nice! Tell me something Tia even if it makes them unhappy do people put others before their own needs? Some people who have a really nice heart do. I remember the story of the Happy Prince. Do you want to hear it Tofu? Yes! Once upon a time a beautiful golden statue of the most beautiful smiling prince stood in the town centre. It was covered with gold leaves and had eyes made of blue sapphire. It had a huge red ruby on the hilt of its sword. Everyone, who ever saw the Happy Prince, fell in love with it. The baker whose flour had just fallen on the floor saw it  and said Oh, Happy Prince I wish I could always be happy like him. From now on I will. The schoolgirl whose mother wouldn't buy her ice cream saw the Happy Prince and said Oh, the Happy Prince I wish I could always be like him. From now on I will At the same time in the forest near the city a Swallow asked his new bride. My love, all our friends have left for Egypt for the winters. There they will see the Pharoahs palace and bask in the sun in the royal gardens. They will enjoy many fruits and berries of different kinds. We must join them there. But his bride just nodded her head to say no. We will come back after the winters. You must let go of your attachment with this home and dwelling. bride again noddes no You are being foolish my new bride. But I must go. My friends wait for me. And so the swallow flies away. After a whole day of flying he is half way through the Happy Prince's city and then begins to feel tired. I think I will rest the night here. And start again for Egypt tomorrow. This golden statue is very beautiful I will rest between his feet. Just as the swallow was about to sleep a large drop of water fell on him. What? what this come from?  The sky is clear. Just as the swallow was getting ready to sleep again another large drop of water fell on him. When he looked up he saw that the Prince was crying. Who are you? I am the Happy Prince. Why are you crying then? I lived in the city palace once. I was always happy. I had no reason to be sad  because I knew my people were happy too. When I died, they made a golden statue of me and put me here. From here I can see the sadness of my people and my heart though it is made of lead, feels sad. What do you see, Oh golden Prince? Far away I can see a seamstress her fingers are red and bloody from endless stitching. Next to her on a bed is a little boy. He is sick with fever and is crying out for oranges. But the seamstress doesn't have anything other than river water to give him. Oh, swallow, take the ruby from my sword and give it to her. No, no! I have to go to Egypt  I cannot stay! If I go to the seamstress's house I won't be able to reach Egypt. Please, swallow. The child is very thirsty. well Okay,  I will go. So the swallow took the ruby from the hilt of the Prince's sword and flew to the seamstress's house. By the time he got there, the tired seamstress had fallen asleep on her working table. So the swallow kept the ruby on the table. Then he flew around the sick boy's bed flapping his wings. I feel so much cooler. I think I must be getting better. By the time the swallow returned it was the next night. I will now go to Egypt. But the Prince was crying again. I can see a hard working man filled with despair. He is a writer  and must finish his next play soon. But he is tired because he has no food to eat. Wont you stay another night and help that man? Okay! One night it is.  Should I take another ruby to him? Alas! I have no ruby to give him now. But my eyes are made of sapphire. Take one of my eyes. No, no! I cannot do that! But I order you to do so. And so the swallow plucked out the Prince's eye. And flew away to the writer's house. By the time he reached there the writer had fainted out of hunger and cold. The kind swallow put the sapphire on the writer's desk and collected dry twigs  and lit a fire for the writer before he flew back to the Prince. When he returned to the prince it was the next night again. And once again, the Prince was tearful. What is wrong Prince? In the square, I can see a match-girl crying. All her matches have fallen in to the gutter and got spoilt. No one will buy them now. She is afraid her father will be very angry when she goes home without any money. please swallow. Take my other eye and give it to her No, no! I cannot do that! You will become blind! But I order you to do so. And so the swallow plucked out the Prince's other eye and took it to the little girl. The girl became very happy when she saw the stone  and went home skipping. The swallow returned to the Prince. Now you can go to Egypt, my friend. No, now I cannot go my friend. I will stay here and become your eyes. So the swallow stayed by the Prince. Ever day he would fly over the city and tell the Prince the sorry tales he saw. The Prince would then tell the swallow to pluck out a gold leaf from his body and give it to the poor people of his city. Soon there were no leaves left on the body of the Prince. All that was left was his cold grey body. It kept getting colder as the winters kept setting in and the weather kept getting chillier. The swallow knew that he will not survive the season much longer. My friend, it is time for me to go. Finally! You going to Egypt? Not Egypt but towards death. Isn't it like sleep after all? But before I go, can I kiss you? I will once again be sad without you. Kiss me before you go. And so the frail swallow kissed the prince and feel at his feet, dead. Suddenly there was a loud sound like a crack. It was the sound of the breaking of the Prince's lead heart. In the morning, the mayor of the city crossed the statue. What an ugly statue. And it has a dead bird at its feet too! Break it down immediately and put up my statue instead. A few hours later, when the mayor's men broke the statue apart they found the two pieces of the Prince's heart And they threw it into the bin next to the dead swallow. That's when God said to his angels. Bring me the most precious two things in the world. And they took the dead swallow and the Prince's broken heart to God. Well chosen my angels. From now on the Swallow will sing in my heaven and the Prince will praise my ways. So you see Tofu. Even if you forgo some happiness by putting others before you there are always better things waiting for you. Yes, Tia! Now I understand what my teacher was talking about. text Once upon a time, there was a little girl
named Heidi Due to the loss of her parents, her auntie was taking care of her But one day, she took Heidi to her grandfather's little hut in the mountains Grandfather Alm was a grumpy old man, who lived in a small hut on the Alps This was the first time that Heidi saw her grandfather Telling him that she had found a job in another city Heidi’s aunt left Heidi with her grandfather and returned to the city Grandfather Alm, who was used to living an isolated life away from people was actually glad that his granddaughter was there but did not show it to Heidi... The old man prepared a nice cosy bed in the attic... Heidi loved her grandfather from the first sight and happy times were about to begin for her in the mountains... When she woke up in the morning she was introduced to her grandfather’s very big dog Josef Heidi loved Josef Then, one day when she was hiking on the hills, she met Peter the shepherd who was grazing his goats on the meadows "I haven’t seen you around here before." "Yes, I just arrived. I am going to live here with my  grandfather from now on." In the following days, Peter started to take Heidi with him to graze his goats in the meadows They started to hike together in the mountains Everything was so new and exciting for Heidi She learned a lot from Peter about how to be a shepherd Even though he didn’t show it much, grandfather Alm loved Heidi very much Running around and having fun on the fields all day long, Heidi was very happy but she also never forgot to help her grandfather with the house work And one of her favorites was to bake little bread in her grandfather’s wood oven She used to take the bread she made to Peter’s grandmother And Peter’s grandmother would give her fresh goat’s milk in return One day, summer was over and it was winter time When Peter started to go to school, Heidi was left alone and eventually got bored She was really upset that she was too small to go to school like Peter One day, Heidi’s aunt came back to take Heidi to the city She was going to get homeschooling and work Grandfather Alm was very upset at first and did not accept it But when he thought about it He realized that it woud be best for Heidi to stay in the city and learn to read and write... "But I don’t wanna leave here, I love my grandfather." ...fussed Heidi.. But she was convinced to go after her aunt promised her that she would be back on the mountains after a short while... Her aunt and Heidi arrived to a big mansion after a long train ride "Wow....   What a big house...  I’m going to stay here???" Heidi met Clara, the little girl in the house Clara could not walk because of an accident she had when she was a little child Her aunt actually brought Heidi to this house to keep Clara company Clara and Heidi got along really well and became best of friends Not knowing much about the urban life, Heidi was making Clara laugh with her silly mistakes Clara's grandmother was a very tough and strict lady "Get up you lazy girl. It's time to study.. You still have a lot to learn." Clara's grandmother was trying to teach Heidi a lot from how to sit and stand up properly... ...and how to use a knife and fork at the dinner table And Heidi was even dressing like the ones who live in the city But she wasn't feeling very comfortable in these dresses Clara also helped Heidi to learn to read and write... Heidi did like being here with Clara and all... ...but she missed the mountains and her grandfather far too much... Heidi could not even eat because of her sadness... Her heart was full of longing Clara’s father and grandmother realized Heidi’s sadness After a while they decided to send her next to her grandfather But Clara was very sad because Heidi was leaving "To truely love someone means to want their happiness at all costs" ...said grandmother At last, it was time to say goodbye While Heidi was leaving, her aunt told her that Clara was going to come and visit her in the mountains next year happy to be back in the mountains she first stopped by Peter’s house on her way home And gave the bread Clara sent to Peter’s grandmother Leaving her fancy dress behind... ...She went running home and hugged her grandfather as tight as she could And they were happy again A while later, Heidi was high in the clouds with happiness because of the letter she received saying that Clara was going to visit her soon When in the Alps, Clara liked Peter a lot, but Peter was a bit hesitant Because he was afraid that Heidi was going to go back to the city with Clara Clara, Peter and Heidi were having the time of their lives on the hills The fresh mountain air and natural foods were really good for Clara But Peter started to get really jealous of Heidi because of her close friendship with Clara Peter also did not like to carry Clara to her wheelchair and push her around One day he pushed Clara’s wheelchair off from a cliff He thought that this would solve everything Without her wheelchair and the fresh mountain air, Clara became much stronger And she even started to walk slowly with Heidi’s help After a while she started to take steps with no one’s help "I can walk.. Yaayyy.. Heidi, I owe this to you." One day, Clara’s  father and grandmother came to visit and when they saw Clara walking they couldn’t believe their eyes They gave their thanks to grandfather Alm and Heidi At that moment, Peter felt really sorry about what he had done... He confessed to pushing Clara’s wheelchair off the cliff "I apologize to all of you, what I did was so very wrong." "We forgive you, right Clara? Even though what you did was wrong, we’re all happy that she’s walking now." They all laughed with joy... Clara and her family promised to come back next summer And they all lived happily ever after... text Once upon a time, there was a five-year-old orphaned girl named Heidi. She was a very beautiful little girl with dark brown eyes, short black hair, and rosy cheeks. Heidi was brought up by her aunt Dete who lived in Switzerland. One day, Heidi's life was turned upside down when her aunt found a job in another city. Aunt Dete who couldn't bring Heidi along with her; We are going to the Alps to your grandfather's my dear. You'll stay with him for some time and  I'll come and get you when my work is done. This is for your own good. You understand..right? Yes, I do. You know what's best for me, Auntie. I will bring my dolls with me and we'll wait for you. I'm also looking forward to meeting my grandfather, I cant wait! After a very long trip, they finally arrived at her grandfather's cottage. Grandpa Adolph lived there with his dog Joseph. Everyone knew him as a moody, and a difficult man, but he was actually very soft-hearted. Aunt Dete explained to him the situation and left Heidi there. Heidi and her grandpa loved each other from the moment they met. The little girl's antics brought life to that cottage. Grandpa Adolph got used to his new life with Heidi and couldnt think of a life without her. He no longer walked with a frowned face. Where have you been, Heidi? I feel reborn having you here with me. I love you, my dear grandchild. Me too, Grandpa! I really love you and I also love it around here. Sadly, I have no friends. There's a boy named Peter; he lives with his blind grandmother in a cottage near ours. Tomorrow, I will introduce you, what do you say? Oh, that's wonderful! Hooray! Peter was a boy who was also a goat herder in his spare time after school. Peter, let me introduce you to my granddaughter, Heidi. Hello Heidi. Hello Peter. Go on! Go and play together, okay? After that day, they became very good friends. Heidi and Peter always took the goats grazing every day. She would climb up steep slopes much like goats did and she ran barefooted. Peter, run! One of the kids is runing away from the heard. Lets catch it! Don't worry, it'll come back. Pheew! Got scared there for a bit. Okay, then. Let me gather some flowers. I'll give them to your grandmother when we get back. I hope she gives me some fresh goat milk in return. Peter taught Heidi how to milk the goats. They also named the goats one by one. Heidi even cooked soup at home and brought fresh baked bread to grandma. Her joy and optimisim had infected everyone. After a few years, aunt Dete came back to get Heidi. She was going to take her to a rich family that lived in Frankfurt so that she could get an education and could have a better life. I can't give Heidi up. What will I do without her? Please dont take me, Auntie. I don't want to be apart from Grandpa. I don't want to leave! I'm very happy here. You're going to live with a very rich family, Heidi. You'll live in a huge house and get an education in a very good school. I don't care about those things! My dear grandchild, you know how much I love you and how much I will miss you. But I think your aunt Dete is right. It will be a better life for you. Listen to what I have to say: the family with whom you'll be staying has a daughter your age. You two can become friends. Clara is not able to walk and she has no friends. She needs a friend just like you. Come on! You'll see, you'll be much happier there. Grandpa Adolph and Heidi were both in tears. After a long trip, they arrived in Frankfurt. They arrived at a huge house, and the housekeeper Ms. Rottenmeier met them at the door. Welcome. I'm Ms. Rottenmeier. And I'm Clara. Welcome Heidi. Hello. Nice to meet you. Heidi, it's time for me to go. Take care of yourself, my dear. I'm pretty sure you will get along very well with Clara. Make sure you listen to what Ms. Rottenmeier says. I love you, my dear niece. That was when Ms. Rottenmeier's nightmare started. She always frowned and never smiled, because she was a disciplinarian and a housekeeper. Okay, the meeting ceremony is over. Remove those dirty things at once and take a shower! I'll bring you some clean attire. Okay, Ms. Rottenmeier. As you wish. You can come to my room after you shower Heidi. We can play together. Oh, great! I'll clean up quickly and come then. Clara lived in the big house with her father, grandmother, the housekeeper Ms. Rottenmeier and the other servants. Most of the time, she would stay in her room and never draw the curtains or open the windows. Heidi was shocked when she entered Clara's room. She immediately drew the curtains to let the light in through the windows. All of a sudden the room was full of daylight. Clara, look how bright it is now! Sunshine will always help you feel much better. As time passed, Heidi got used to her new place and, once again, she had made everyone fall in love with her. Every day, Heidi and Clara would play with her toys and then study. Mrs. Rottenmeier made it her goal to straighten up Heidi and turn her into a disciplined girl. Listen to me: You'd better be a good girl! Do not run or wander around! I'm sorry, Ms. Rottenmeier Heidi tried to follow all the rules of the house, but she was having a great time with Clara. Nonetheless, she still missed the Alps, her grandfather, and Peter. She would always dream of runing in the countryside with the goats. One morning, Heidi couldn't get out of bed. Clara's grandma when to check on her right away. Please grandma, send me back home. That cheerful girl that everyone knew and loved had dissapeared and in her place was a sick and quiet Heidi who had also lost her appetite. Grandma felt bad for her so she called in their doctor. The doctor said that she was nostalgic and the only cure was for her to be next to her loved ones in the mountains. So they decided to bring her back to her grandfather's. My life changed so much thanks to you, Heidi. I will miss you. I'm so happy, Clara. Please understand me, that's my real home. Come and visit me as soon as you can. Even after a very long and tiring trip, she was thrilled to see her grandfather again. She ran to him and hugged him joyously. I missed you so much, Grandpa. I missed everything and everyone around here. I missed you, too, my dear grandchild. We'll never be apart again. Look, Peter is here, too. Hi Peter. I'm back! Welcome back, Heidi. We've really missed you. Even the goats have! He he he! Every day when they climbed the slopes, she would tell Peter about the mansion and the good times she spent there. After Heidi's return, Peter was back to his happy days. I have a new friend. Her name is Clara, but I will miss her alot. Maybe one day she can come and visit, Heidi. Some months passed, Heidi's wish came true: Clara had gotten permission to come to the Alps and stay with her. Heidi, Heidi, look I'm here! I can't believe you're finally here! Welcome Clara! We'll have a great time. The two friends chatted until the late hours of the night. The next morning, after a wonderful breakfast, Heidi and Clara went out to the countryside and met with Peter. Clara kept them company while they were grazing the goats. It was a very different experience for her but she was happy. But on the other hand, she was upset as she watched Heidi and Peter run and tumble. I wonder if I'll be able to run like her one day. I have no idea what that must feel like. Days passed, Clara regained her health by spending time outdoors in nature. Her cheeks were rosy. With the help of Grandpa Adolph and Heidi, she even started to get up from her wheelchair little by little. Bravo Clara! You can do it! I'm so scared. What if I fall? We're here, right next to you. You don't have to be afraid. One day, as Clara watched Heidi and Peter gather the goats, she saw a cow running towards her. Help! Help! Frightened, she jumped out of her wheelchair and took a few steps. She was walking! A miracle had occurred! Actually, the cow was running towards the barn but had caused Clara to walk. Peter and Heidi were shocked and didn't know what to do when they saw her. They ran to her and hugged her. Hooray! Hooray! You did it, Clara! You did it! After that day, she took a few more steps every day. One step, two steps, until she was able to walk. It was now time for Clara to go back home. Her father and grandmother had come to take her. Clara waited for them in her wheelchair. When she saw them, she got up, ran, and hugged them as they entered the cottage. She wanted to surprise them. They all sat together and talked about the days that Clara had spent in the Alps. Clara reminisced about the incident with the cow. Clara, her father, and grandmother stayed a few more days and then returned to Frankfurt. Everyone was back in their own home: Heidi in the Alps and Clara in Frankfurt. They continued their friendship through letters. Clara wrote to Heidi that she would come back to the Alps in springtime so they could run together and milk the goats. Finally, snow began to fall and winter had arrived. Throughout that winter, Peter and Heidi went sledding. From time to time, they would chat and study by the fireplace at night. Heidi's grandfather would fall asleep happily by the fireplace, knowing that Heidi would be by his side. Heidi, her grandpa and all her loved ones, lived happilly ever after. text welcome to mumbo-jumbo kids Channel Rapunzel Moe and Joe are walking back home from the ice cream truck they are both having their ice creams just then mo notices a strange purple vegetable growing in one of the gardens pointing to the vegetables, Hey look at that is that a cabbage no a cabbage doesn't look like that it is something else what do you think it is I am Not sure but I have never seen something like this is such a beautiful color well only one way to find out he plucks the vegetable it comes out
from the root as soon as he does that they get sucked into the hole left
behind by the plant they enter in a village in a time from a long long ago what did you do
where are we I don't know I didn't do anything you you plucked out that
cabbage thing but you said it's not a cabbage you know it will you focus on
the problem Jo she is right that is not a cabbage
it is a rampion more into turn around they are surprised to see an old woman
standing behind them what is a rampion it is a special vegetable that the which
grows in her garden they are her favorite if I were you I would keep it
hidden the last people who stole them from her suffered terribly a which
people suffered what are you talking about 16 years ago a couple lived next
to the witch's house everybody knew that she was a bad-tempered witch who must
not be angered but the couple was not afraid they were nice people and
believed in the good in everyone and so they lived peacefully then came a time
when the couple was going to have a baby one evening the vibe said to her husband look at those beautiful rampions going
in the witch's garden I really want to eat some don't you get them for me
my dear I will get you anything you want can I buy you some from the market
tomorrow no I tried those already I want only the ones from her garden that night
the husband sneaked into the witch's garden and stole some of her lovely
rampions as soon as the wife had one bite of the rampions there was a loud
bang on their door it was the witch you thieves
you stole my favorite rampions from my garden the very thing I love so much
please forgive us we did it for our baby for your baby well then you will pay for
this theft with your baby before the couple could see anything - which
vanished and they never heard from her again -
their child a beautiful girl was born I have come to collect the payment for my
ramp ins the girl belongs to me the couple pleaded with the witch but she
wouldn't hear of it she took the little girl and vanished into thin air what happened then she named the little
girl Rapunzel she loves her like her own daughter but
she keeps her locked in a high tower that has no staircase or door only a
window only a window can we go and see this height over no no you must never go
the high tower if the witch sees you you will be in big trouble we will be very
careful please take us there I can take mo &amp; jo where the witch's Tower was mo &amp; jo where the witch's Tower was then she bid them good luck and good bye suddenly they heard some noise ahead it
was the witch rapunzel rapunzel let down your hair so that I may climb the
golden stair a thick plat of long golden let down your hair so that I may climb the
golden stair a thick plat of long golden hold of it and climbed up to the window
did you see that mo that's Rapunzel in the window it's her hair it's learned
like a rope quite jo when the witch the window it's her hair it's learned
like a rope quite jo when the witch sad mother what is there in the world
outside this tower angry there is sad mother what is there in the world
outside this tower angry there is nothing good in this world outside of
this tower this is your home becoming soft again trust me my darling
I don't let you go into the world and feeling bad please forgive me I
trust you mother back to normal and feeling bad please forgive me I
trust you mother back to normal that's good dear it is time for me to go
now I will come back tomorrow as soon as the which leaves come on moe let's go up the tower he is
pulling mo put off hiding when they hear was someone else
too besides Moe and Joe in the forest it was someone else
too besides Moe and Joe in the forest it was the prince
he too had seen everything that had happened and now he was planning to
climb the tower rapunzel rapunzel let down your hair so that I may climb the
golden stair Rapunzel's hair comes down and the prince climbs up seeing  the prince rapunzel is surprised who are you I'm the prince who are you what are you
doing here who was that witch , are you a prisoner here
my name is rapunzel self and that was my mother I'm not a prisoner this is my
home I have lived here all my life I am sorry I misunderstood what do you mean
you have lived here all your life haven't you lived in any other parts of
our beautiful world no I haven't even stepped down from the tower ever my
mother says it is not a safe place for me
she says the world is a mean place oh no the world is a beautiful place you must
come and see it freely I don't know anything about the world
won't you tell me something yes I will my beautiful lady I can hear them till here Joe finally
rapunzel is not alone yes I agree but I'm so sleepy I think I'm going to sleep
for some time yes me too I'm very sleepy too let's sleep for some
time Moe and Joe fell asleep at their hiding spot and the entire night the
prince told Rapunzel stories about the world and she told him the truth about her mother the which after talked more and more
they fell in love with each other when the morning came the prince kissed her
goodbye I will come back tonight after the witch has left RAPUNZEL rapunzel let down your hair so that I may climb the golden stair it's my mother she has come early
quickly hide behind the curtains she must not see you Rapunzel what is taking
you so long sorry mother here come up who was here how dare you betray me the price of
betraying me is dead mother please listen to me I'm sorry quite girl you will never see your
prince again stop it which the Prince tries to attack the witch the witch
casts a spell and the prince is thrown out of the window into the woods Moe and
Joe see him thrown out oh no mo the prince let's go find him
he'll need our help they rush off mother what have you done get away from my
eyesight the prince must be dead by now you do deserve the same end I'm
banishing you to the forest you don't deserve the love and comfort I have
given you the witch cast another spell and Rapunzel was thrown into the forest
to heartbroken she got up her world had turned upside down she started wandering through the forest what she didn't know was that her prince
was injured but alive he was trying to make his way back to the tower to come
and rescue her meanwhile Moe and Joe were also looking for the prince it's
been hours since we have been walking where do you think the prince must have
fallen Moe did you hear that hide suits the prince it's rapunzel  they are
both alive my friends you are alive rapunzel my love are you alright yes I
am now that I know that you are fine let's
leave this forest yes my love let's go what was that I don't know mo but it
was strange were we rolling another land it's getting dark I think we should just
go home right now I agree let's go   text Humpty Dumpty sat on a wall Humpty Dumpty had a great fall.  All the king's horses and all the king's men couldn't put Humpty together again. The end!  But that makes for a very short, boring nonsensical story! Let's try that again, shall we? Ahhem!!  Humpty Dumpty sat on a wall and narrowly avoided having a great fall
because all the king's horses and all the kings men said "Don't sit on that wall, it's windy my
friend!" Humpty-Dumpty considered their words and
realized sitting atop walls is absurd! He carefully climbed down 'til his feet touched
the ground and "King of Safety" Humpty-Dumpty was crowned.  Humpty-Dumpty
worked at a pace that was brisk He made signs, he made rules, helping all
avoid risk. Don't sit there! Don't stand there! Be
careful up high! He ordered, he pestered, and he wasn't shy. Eventually the people had all had enough. His signs and his rules prevented fun stuff! Where there's something to do or some place to go,  Humpty-Dumpty placed warnings and they all said, "NO!" "But I wanna jump over this candle stick!" "I promise I'm nimble, I swear that I'm quick!" "But my family needs water. I must fill this pail!" "My sister, Jill, and I surely won't fail." Soon, all the king's horses and all the king's men Grew tired of the rules and wanted an end!  So while Humpty slept, though it took them some time,  they went around the kingdom and changed a few signs.  At dawn, Humpty-Dumpty awoke with a smirk. He walked around the town to see all his
work.  When walking about proved tiring and hot, he needed to sit and soon found a safe spot. So Humpty then sat on that very
same wall and when the wind blew, he had a great
fall!  All the king's horses and all the king's men would never have to listen to Humpty again.  But when Humpty landed, hard on the ground.. He didn't break! Instead he bounced up...  and down! Bouncing, not broken?! What was
the matter? He's an egg after all, he should splatter
and shatter!! The king's horses and men were all quite
confused  While Humpty kept on bouncing.. looking quite amused. Their plan to get rid of Humpty Dumpty had been foiled.. because, children, to be safe...  he had himself... hard-boiled.  Always hard boil your eggs, children. Always!  The end! text Jack and the beanstalk There once lived a widow with her young son,
Jack. All she had was a cow which she fondly called
Milky White. She sold its milk at the market place to make
a living. Now Jack was a pretty smart lad, but did not
put his brains to good use to help his mother. Oh, I wonder if I will live to see the day
when you make an honest living, you good-for-nothing. I am getting old, how long will I look after
you? Don’t worry, mother, I’ll look after you
very well. Huh! I will die peacefully if I know who can look
after yourself. And so life went on. However, one morning when Jack’s mother
went out to milk the cow, she got a bad shock. Jack, Jack! What happened, mother? Are you okay? Oh, Jack, there is no milk, Milky White has
no more milk to give us. Oh, what are we going to do? How are we going to manage? Don’t worry, mother. I said I will look after to you. But what are we going to do now? Well, though Milky White has been a loyal
friend, we have to be practical now. I will take her to the market place and get
a good price for her. So off Jack went to sell Milky White. As he was walking, he came across a funny
looking man. Well, well, lad, and where are you off to
this morning? Milky White has stopped giving milk, so I’m
going to the market place so sell her. This is your lucky day! Look what I have here. They seem to be some funny looking beans. Oh no no no no no! These are no ordinary beans, they are magical
beans. I’ll tell you what, I will give these beans
to you in exchange for your cow. And why would I do something stupid like that? Because, like I told you, these are magical
beans. If you plant them, by morning they will have
reached the sky. Are you joking? Not at all, my lad. Take these, and see what happens. Jack took the beans and walked home, thinking
that his mother would be very pleased. What! You gave away the cow for these…these stupid
beans? I should have known better than to trust you
to sell the cow. Jack’s mother threw the beans out of the
window. But when Jack got up the next morning, he
saw an amazing sight. The beans had actually grown so high that
they seemed to touch the sky! Oh my gosh, I can’t believe my eyes! I wonder where this bean stalk leads to – let
me climb up and see for myself. Jack jumped out of his window, caught hold
of the stalk and quickly clambered up. He climbed and climbed and climbed, and finally
reached a wide road that led to a big castle. There was a tall and big woman standing there,
and Jack went up to her. Good morning, ma’am. Would you be so kind to give me some breakfast? Breakfast? Boy, you better get lost, or my husband will
have you for breakfast. He just loves to have little boys like you
on toast. Oh ma’am, please, I beg of you. I am really, really hungry. Oh, all right, come along. Jack went with her to the kitchen
Here is some bread and cheese, you can wash it down with milk from that jug. And better make it quick, before my husband
the ogre comes home. Jack started gobbling down his food, but just
as he was finishing, there was a stomping sound which made the house shake. The ogre’s wife quickly hid Jack in the
oven, just as the huge ogre strode in with three calves hanging from his belt. Here, wife, make me breakfast with a couple
of these. (starts sniffing)
Fee-fi-fo-fum, I smell the blood of an Englishman,
Be he alive, or be he dead I’ll have his bones to grind my bread. Oh, you must be getting the smell of the boy
who had for dinner last night. That smell is still lingering in the kitchen. Go to your room, I will get your breakfast
there. As soon as the ogre went out of the room,
Jack scrambled out of the oven and was about to run away, when the ogre’s wife stopped
him. You better wait till he takes his snooze after
breakfast. If he smells you, he might just make a meal
of you for dinner. So Jack waited for the ogre to fall asleep. When he finished his breakfast, the ogre called
out to his wife. Wife, fetch me my bags of gold coins. The ogre’s wife placed two big bags in front
of him, and he started to count the gold coins till he fell asleep. Jack could not resist this opportunity. He quietly crept up to the ogre, picked up
one of the bags of gold coins, and ran back to the bean stalk. He threw the bag and quickly climbed down. All the gold coins fell into his mother’s
garden, and when Jack reached down, he called out to his mother. Mother, mother! Look what I have here. We can sell these coins and our problems will
be over. Oh Jack, I hope you haven’t done anything
wrong? Of course not, mother. Don’t you trust your son? Jack’s mother was very happy, and she and
Jack lived comfortably for some time, but soon all the gold coins were gone. Jack decided to climb the bean stalk again
and once again try his luck. Early one morning, he climbed the beanstalk
and went up the road to the ogre’s castle. The ogre’s wife was at the door, and Jack
went up to her. Oh ma’am, would you be kind enough to give
me some breakfast? I am really starving. Off with you boy. The last time you came, my husband’s bag
of gold coins went missing. Oh ma’am, I’m so sorry to hear that. I hope you don’t think I had anything to
do with it? But I’ll tell you what – you give me some
breakfast, and I will tell you something about that bag of gold. Hmmm… I don’t know if it’s a good idea to believe
you… go on, have your breakfast, but make sure
you are done before my husband is back. Jack had just started on his breakfast when
he heard the thumping steps of the ogre. Once again, the ogre’s wife quickly hid
him in the oven. Ah, I’m hungry. Wife, broil these three oxen for me. Wait a minute… Fee-fi-fo-fum,
I smell the blood of an Englishman, Be he alive, or be he dead
I’ll have his bones to grind my bread. Oh, stop it! You always seems to be smelling the blood
of an Englishman. The ogre’s wife convinced him again that
there was no Englishman. After breakfast, the ogre called out to his
wife. Wife, bring me my hen that lays the golden
eggs. The wife went into a room and returned with
a hen which she placed on the table before her husband. Ah ha! My wonderful hen. Lay! Before Jack’s astonished eyes, the hen laid
a beautiful golden egg. The ogre was very happy, and soon began to
doze off. A hen that lays golden eggs? I have to have it. Mother and I will never want for anything
ever. Quietly, Jack crept up to the table and pounced
on the hen and was off in a jiffy. But the hen got scared and cackled and woke
the ogre up. Hey you, stop, stop you thief. But Jack was too quick for the huge ogre. Before the ogre could even get up, Jack was
running down the road and then quickly scrambling down the beanstalk. As soon as he reached down, he rushed into
the house and called out to his mother. Now, now, why are you panting so, Jack? And where did you get this hen from? Mother, you have to see this to believe it. Hen, lay!
Jack’s mother could not believe what she was seeing. Come on Jack, say ‘lay’ once more and
see what happens. Jacks says ‘lay’ again, and the hen lays
another perfect golden egg. Oh Jack, we will never want for anything ever
again. You have proved yourself to be a good son. And so time passed. Jack and his mother sold the golden eggs and
lived a happy life. However, after some time once again Jack wanted
to climb the beanstalk and see what he could get this time. One fine morning, he set off again, reached
the same road, and made his way to the ogre’s castle. But this time he knew the ogre’s wife knew
that he had stolen the hen that laid the golden eggs, so he hid himself behind a bush when
he neared the castle. Ah! The ogre’s wife is going out with her bucket
to get water. Now is the right time to sneak into the castle. Jack quietly entered the castle, but this
time he did not hide in the oven, he went and hid himself behind a large copper pot. Soon the ogre’s wife came in with the bucket
of water, and after some time Jack once again felt the rumbling of the ogre’s footsteps. "Fee, fi, fo, fum,
I smell the blood of an Englishman; Be he alive, or be he dead,
I'll grind his bones to make my bread!" I don’t smell anything, and I did not see
anyone come in. You and your imaginary smells! But the ogre was not convinced, and started
searching in the kitchen. He looked everywhere, even in the oven. Jack was terrified that any minute the ogre
would find him, but just as the ogre came towards him, his wife called out. Now will you stop this nonsense and come and
have your breakfast? You won’t enjoy it if it gets cold. Oh well, though I could have sworn I smelled
the blood of any Englishman. Jack heaved a sigh of relief when the ogre
went away to have his breakfast. He had been saved just in the nick of time! Oh boy! I better not be so foolish again. Thank God for my lucky stars, or I would be
between the ogre’s bread slices and he would be having a Jack sandwich! When the ogre finished his breakfast, he called
out to his wife to bring his golden harp. Oh! How beautifully the harp sang! Jack had never heard such sweet music. As usual, the ogre soon started feeling sleepy
and nodding off. Jack waited a while, then slowly crept up
to the ogre and snatched the magic harp. But alas! The harp immediately stopped singing and called
out. Master, master, someone is stealing me! The ogre immediately got up, and Jack tucked
the harp under his arm and fled for his life. The ogre was furious, and seized his heavy
oak club and ran after Jack. Now Jack was so tiny compared to the ogre,
that his steps were no match for the ogre’s giant strides. Soon the ogre was getting nearer and nearer
to Jack, but Jack managed to reach the beanstalk and quickly started climbing down. The ogre also started climbing after Jack,
making the beanstalk shake violently. In the meanwhile, Jack’s mother was getting
worried when she did not see him in the house, and came out to the garden to look for him. When Jack saw her far below, he called out
to her. Mother, mother, quick. Bring the big axe from the garden shed. Oh dear me! Jack, what is happening? And who is that huge fellow following you? No time to explain mother, just go and bring
the axe quickly. Jack’s mother ran to the garden shed and
came back with the axe. As Jack neared the ground, he quickly picked
up the axe and started cutting down the beanstalk. When he had chopped it half way through, the
beanstalk became weak and could not bear the weight of the huge ogre, who fell down with
a huge thud. Hello, hello (quietly). Yippee! The ogre is dead, dead, dead! And so came to an end the cruel ogre and the
beanstalk. Jack and his mother had all the money they
wanted with the golden eggs, enjoyed the beautiful music of the golden harp, and lived happily
for a long, long time. text Tia you recite so many stories to me that are full of morals  but you have never recited your favorite story to me. Which one is it? Tofu that's true I haven't yet recited my Favorite story to you. Would you wanna listen to one of my favourite story? Yeah!  Once upon a time there lived a widow with her only son. named Jack Their times were really hard and they were living in poverty for long Jack was too young to work and earn money All their house furniture and other belongings were sold  off to carry on with their basic daily needs. Until at last they were left with a cow who used to give milk everyday and that they used to sell off in the market to buy bread One day the poor old cow didn't give any milk That's when Jack suggested his mother I think we should sell off this cow and get a good return in bargain. So Jack left to sell off the cow in the market On the way, he met a butcher. Oh! Where are you going Jack?  I am going to the market to sell off this cow for a good bargain Oh why take the trouble to go that far? I have a very good deal for you. He Took out 5 strange looking beans from his pocket and handed them to Jack.  Jack looked little hazed as to what kind of "Good" Bargain is it? Oh My God! They are so beautiful! What do you call these? Beans! Magical Beans.  If you plant them overnight, by the next morning they will grow up and reach the sky. Wow! Mother would be so happy to see them. Thank You Mr. Butcher. And off went Jack happily to his mother and showed her the Magical beans.  But to his disappointment she only got angry at him and shouted. Off you go to bed Right away! She threw the beans outside the kitchen window and into the backyard  and went off to her bed crying and weeping. The next morning, when Jack woke up,he saw outside his window  and to his surprise he saw a great bean stalk reaching up to the sky. Oh My God! This bean stalk is so huge. I need to climb this up to see where it leads too He climbed up and up and up till his home looked a mere spot on the ground.  Atlast, the stalk ended and Jack found himself in a completely different place But suddenly a beautiful lady appeared and said Hello Jack! You don't know me but i know you and everything about you the castle you see there belongs to a Giant who stole all your father's money  and killed him Your mother had kept this secret from you, to protect you.  He owes you Jack. The lady disappeared in thin air. Jack kept standing there and thinking. He surely owes me and my family Far away where the road ended, he could see a Huge Castle He went up to the castle and knocked on the huge door A giant woman opened the door. She looked scary and howled at Jack What you want? If you please Ma'am,would you kindly give me some breakfast?  I haven't eaten anything since yesterday The giant woman, though looked cruel and ugly had a kind heart and offered Jack a huge plate of english breakfast but warned him You must finish quickly before my Giant husband comes back and eats you Then suddenly there was a huge knock on the door.  And the wife picked up jack and hid him in the huge empty kettle As the door opened, the giant entered and roared "Fee, fi, fo, fum  I smell the blood of an Englishman Be he alive, or be he dead I'll grind his bones to make my bread!" Non Sense! You are mistaken. It's the ox hide you smell So he sat down at the table and ate the ox that his wife had served him as breakfast After he finished he asked his wife Get me my Money Bags He started counting his money but he was so sleepy that he slept on the table The whole room was roaring with his snore Jack, taking an opportunity of this time got out of the kettle, picked up the money bags and ran towards the door Before the giant woke up  he climbed down the beanstalk and to his cottage  and didn't look back even once He took a sigh of relief and ran to his mother. Mother! Look what i got! We are rich now! The Mother and the son lived quiet comfortable till one afternoon when his mother was away he decided to go up to the Giant's castle and see what was happening there! So he climbed up the bean stalk and reached the castle There standing at the door he saw the Giant's wife again but she didn't recognize him because he was dressed impeccably this time If you please, ma'am " he said" will you give me some breakfast? Run away you little boy! Last time a boy came, he stole my husband's money bag. But since she was kind hearted, she offered Jack breakfast At that very moment the Giant knocked on the door and quickly she hid Jack in the oven The giant entered and roared  "Fee, fi, fo, fum I smell the blood of an Englishman Be he alive, or be he dead I'll grind his bones to make my bread But the Giant's wife once again assured him that he is mistaken  and offered him his huge breakfast to eat. After eating his food he asked his wife Get me my Golden hen The wife got the hen and the giant roared in his voice Lay! That very moment the hen laid a golden egg and Jack was left amazed with what he saw No sooner he saw the giant slipping into his deep sleep  and once again he came out of the oven picked up the hen and ran for the door in the meanwhile the hen began to cakle The voice made the Giant move a little but he kept sleeping Jack climbed down the stalk and went straight to his mother and gave her the Golden hen The Mother and the boy were so rich  that they had money greater than even what they could spend One day, he was sitting idle the thought of the bean stalk crossed his mind again and decided to climb it No sooner he was at the castle but this time he decided not to be seen  and climbed the kitchen wall of the castle and hid himself in the oven In came the giant, roaring louder than ever "Fee, fi, fo, fum I smell the blood of an Englishman Be he alive, or be he dead I'll grind his bones to make my bread!" But the giantess was quite sure that she had seen no little boy that morning and after grumbling a great deal, the giant sat down for breakfast As soon as he got over with his breakfast, he called out to his wife Bring me my Harp! Sing! Ordered the Giant Soon the harp started singing the most beautiful sounds ever heard  and no sooner the Giant fell off into his deep sleep Jack who was waiting for this moment  got out of the oven and climbed the table to grab the Harp but as soon as he started running off with it, the harp started shouting  Master! master! The giant woke up just in time to catch sight of Jack running out of the kitchen-door With a fearful roar, he saw Jack running with the harp, and dashed after him Little Jack ran as fast as he could while holding  the harp tightly in his hands The giant, taking terribly long strides gained on Jack and he would have been caught if the giant had not slipped over a boulder Before he could pick himself up, Jack began to climb down the beanstalk and when the giant arrived at the edge he was nearly half-way to the cottage The giant began to climb down too but as soon as Jack saw him coming, he called out "Mother, bring me an axe!" The widow hurried out with a chopper. Jack had no sooner reached the ground than he cut the bean-stalk right in two Down came the giant with a terrible crash, and that, you may be sure, was the end of him But the mother had a very important advice for Jack Jack what the Giant did to your Father was bad but you should not have been so greedy He reaped what he sowed, but greed is also a bad deed.  Jack agreed to his mother and promised to never be greedy again And they lived happily ever after.  Wow! Tia! That was such an adventurous story! Yeah Tofu! And do You know why it was my favorite story? No! Tell me? The story was about a brave boy who wanted to fight against poverty  and in a way he got a chance to&nbsp; take revenge of his father too. But in the process he forgot that harming the Giant  again and again was not ethical  and stealing from the Giant's house. was also against his morals Oh! That's quiet a heavy thought for my little brain! let's go! We are late for dinner! Mum must be waiting!. text once upon a dream in a land far away
there is a long-haired girl in a tower with no stairway her name is Rapunzel
and her hair is like spun gold she is trapped there by an evil spell from
someone jealous and cold tonight you will visit Rapunzel and help her to
realize what can only be discovered with a happy heart and a mind that's wise
that when we believe in ourselves we can do anything and find within ourselves
the answers to be free from everything welcome to this enchanted sleep story
and guided meditation which will lead you to your happiest and most wonderful
relaxation as we journey safely together into this land of magical dreams my
voice will guide you gently there across rainbows starlight beams
are you ready now to meet Rapunzel and enjoy this beautiful fairytale story as
you help her you will also discover your own self belief and glory as you close
your eyes gently you take a deep breath in and out that's great your muscles start to relax and unwind
now as you breathe a little more deeply and settle in with peaceful ease to your
guided meditation bedtime story you allow your imagination to run free now
as you can easily picture beams of starlight glittering in through the
window surrounding your whole body in pure love energy and safety and a
gorgeous silvery glow your heart swells with happiness as within the sparkling
beams of light a night rainbow appears you sense that this
dazzling colorful night rainbow will transport you safely to the land of
fairy tales and enchantment you find yourself relaxing more as the
rainbow light surrounds you allowing your thoughts to drift images
to appear not too fast and not too slow just right for you and then simply
relaxing as my voice drifts along the rainbow with you and you drift along
with it through the glittering night rainbow and into the land of fairy tales
and enchantment you happily find yourself now at the other end of the
rainbow in an open meadow of daisies surrounded by Alpine mountains of pine
trees and you can notice snow-capped mountains in the very far distance as you look around you cannot see anyone
else or any buildings there as far as the eye can see the air is so fresh here
and feels really healthy and a little cool but the Sun on your skin feels warm
and inviting you take a deep breath in and enjoy the lovely fragrance of fresh
jasmine flowers and honeysuckle there are honey bees buzzing lazily
between curly green ferns nestled in between daisies and tulips you admire
what a beautiful place in nature this meadow is the energy here feels so pure
and clean and healthy you run through the meadow with your arms outstretched
and twirl around and around so freely and you make a chain of daisies to wear
in your hair and now while you were doing this you
hear a lovely voice singing an old song from the Middle Ages drifting through
the mountain air then you notice this beautiful singing seems to be coming
from behind some trees in the middle of the meadow where you now notice there's
a tower standing there all by itself now as you walk closer you can see the
tower has a fairytale style room at the top with a yellow roof and wooden panels
Germanic style windows there is a pointer on top of the tower
which reflects the Sun and seems to be sparkling with some kind of magical
light how interesting you walk around the tower noticing
beautiful ivy vine growing around the outside but there doesn't appear to be a
door how strange the lovely singing is much louder now and you can see the
window at the top of the tower starts to open gently the singing stops as a
surprised and beautiful face looks down at you from the window the girl in the
tower studies you curiously and then she smiles happily and gives you a friendly
wave you smile and wave as well and you instantly feel that you will get along
really well and we'll become friends you realize this must be Rapunzel as she
happily lets down her hair for you to climb up the tower and meet her her
enormous plat of silky blond hair which looks like spun gold cascades down the
tower all the way to where you stand on the meadow ground you easily climb up her braided hair
which is just like a smooth shiny rope ladder glowing in the Sun all the way
into the window at the top the view of the meadow valleys and mountains from up
here is breathtakingly beautiful but the tower is really small and pokey
with just one room with a bed a harp and a book case of old fairytales and one
teeny tiny little room to the side of the tower which has a dressing table for
Rapunzel to sit at and brush her hair you wonder whether Rapunzel feels lonely
here and she explains to you that she passes the time by singing and playing
with the cheery bluebirds which come and perch at the window you ask Rapunzel why
she feels trapped here and she says an evil person cast a spell on her and
there really doesn't appear to be any way out Rapunzel tells you sadly that a lovely
prince used to visit but alas he wasn't able to save her you asked Rapunzel why
she doesn't break the spell and save herself maybe she just feels more trapped than
she actually is there must be a way out she looks at you with wide-eyed
wonderment she had never thought of this before you suggest to Rapunzel that the
only power that a person has over you is what you allow to be true what if you're
only ever trapped in your own mind and that anything and everything is actually
possible there is a solution for everything and the answers are always
within us if we still our minds and listen to our hearts and believe in
ourselves with excitement
Rapunzel nods her head happily and agrees with you wholeheartedly she
understands now that all she has to do is believe in herself and trust her
heart and this spell won't hold any power over her all really matter anymore this is the most surprising and best
realization she has ever had and she starts to think now about her freedom just then a cheery Bluebird flies in and
rests on the window ledge carrying a strong stick from the pine forest in its
beak Rapunzel looks at the cheery Bluebird then looks at you and her eyes
light up with joy you can see she has a brilliant idea Rapunzel unravels her glorious plat and
motions for you to climb back down the tower
you climb all the way down her golden braids and step gently back into the
meadow as you look up to watch her escape plan unfold rapunzel takes the
strong stick gratefully from the cheery Bluebird and jams it into the hinges of
the window creating a kind of hook she ties the ends of her plat around the
stick and then with a confident grin she climbs down her own hair holding on to
the ends of her hair first and working her way down to the top of her braid
nearest her head Rapunzel is saving herself Rapunzel's scales down the tower
quickly and happily clearly loving her newfound confidence and self-belief when
she reaches the meadow ground she gives her hair a good yank and a ton
tangles from the stick with ease and floats into the meadow to you are surprised to see that Rapunzel
now rolls around in the grass laughing with joy and happiness that she
actually freed herself you can't help but laugh and laugh - it feels so good
to laugh as you realize how important and easy it is to believe in ourselves Rapunzel finds it so funny that the
answer was there all along and the so called spell was only something she was
allowing to be true she had the power to break it that whole time all she had to
do was believe in herself and know that positive energy and our own inner spirit
are always more powerful just by watching Rapunzel and learning this
lesson with her makes your confidence raised to you think to yourself how great it feels
to laugh about it all as you feel your confidence raised to and you believe in
yourself more and now too and any previously held fears feel like distant
memories that now mean nothing Rapunzel runs through the field of
daisies and tulips with her arms outstretched and you run through the
field with her too as you both twirl around and announce to the world that
from now on you will write your own stories and live your happiest fullest
and freest lives and sing and have a voice to share with the world and to
share all of your unique talents with the world rapunzel thanks you countless times for
helping her to realize the truth and do you feel even more inspired to do the
same in your own life to believe in yourself and live freely and joyfully trusting that there are always happy
solutions in any situation when we believe in ourselves and our own power
within anything is possible what an amazing adventure you're having
in the land of fairy tales and enchantment learning to believe in
yourself just like Rapunzel does now you are feeling so wonderfully happy and
also tired and sleepy it has been a very big day and you are not sure if this is
all a dream and when sleep has begun and waking has ended you may wish to keep
exploring the beautiful relaxing nature of the flowering meadow and the alpine
forest with your friend Rapunzel your whole body has drifted deeper and
deeper now into this guided meditation and sleep story and you're in beautiful
dreamland now as you switch off and go with the flow of your most wonderfully
relaxing and blissful sleep my voice will leave you soon because you
are loving drifting into your happiest and most confident and peaceful dreams knowing now that you believe in yourself
and that you can be do and have anything and finally here as my voice fades away
you were feeling so happy loved cozy and confident because you believe in
yourself and you know that you can explore your happiest fairytale dream
adventures anytime you wish sweet dreams text hi and welcome back to another enchanted
adventure and sleep story very soon you will love having your very
own magic carpet to enjoy my voice will guide you safely and happily through
this guided meditation to a whole new world for you to relax and to use your
wonderful imagination you will take a magic carpet ride of delightful
discovery you will make some fabulous new friends to ride with as you feel so
happy and free what if anything is possible and when we choose a whole new
point of view you can let go of negative thoughts and rise above them to be
positive too besides life is much more fun this way
when we let go of negativity the world is so exciting with such magical places
to see as you snuggle under the covers and get really cozy you may close your
eyes now and enjoy the darkness behind your eyelids you feel your bodies start
to relax and you feel little tingles of excitement as you feel that there is
extra magic in the air tonight and you just know that something wonderful is
about to happen as you take a deep breath in and out and feel so happy as you imagine what
this could possibly be you can hear a little rustle at your window you feel a
rush of joy as you can see hovering in the starlight and floating gently in the
moonlight is the most amazing real-life magic carpet waiting just for you in the safe and loving light of the moon
you step onto the magic carpet and you are pleasantly surprised by how soft it
feels under your bare feet you sit down and run your hands over the
carpets fluffy comfort making you feel warm and safe inside as
you would Meyer the golden tassels hanging from each corner the magic carpet is woven from richly
colored Persian fabrics and has an intricate design you can see pictures
from many legends and stories throughout history how fascinating you sense that this is a very special
and ancient magic carpet and you feel so blessed to be riding on it as soon as you think this positive and
grateful thought the carpet lifts up and hovers in the air before taking off and
now you are flying through a shimmer of starlight and suddenly find yourself hovering on
the carpet above the glittering Arabian desert it's a bit boring you think to yourself
just sand and more sand your magic carpet drops down lower to the ground
hmm plus I'm by myself with no one to share
this experience with the carpet immediately drops even lower
so low that you can reach down and touch this sand and the carpet now starts to crumple a
bit and you sink into the middle as it stops buzzing with energy almost like it
doesn't have any excited energy to take you anywhere anymore oh wait you catch your negative thoughts and
realize you may have created this as you feel the carpets stuck in midair low to
the ground and not going anywhere exciting you realize that the same thing
happens to you when you have a negative thought it keeps you stuck in one place
and unable to move upwards or fourths to see all of the wonderful and better
possibilities you notice that the sand dunes are
actually pretty cool to see up close like little hills of sand and they have
wavy line patterns from where the wind gradually moves them you can also see
the sand is glinting a little in the moonlight you take a deep breath and
feel that there is so much space here and it is so quiet and peaceful and
really quite beautiful all of a sudden the magic carpet ripples
with excitement again and Rises about a meter up in the air aha you easily
understand now that the carpet can read your thoughts and even more importantly
how you are feeling it is bogged down by negative thinking
which keeps it back from being able to move very far whatever was worrying you
whatever negative and limited ideas you have had you decide to let them go now as you imagine pushing them off the edge
of the magic carpet to tumble down into the desert sands so they can't weigh you
down anymore you have now allowed yourself to be open
to a happy minded and positive way of thinking and feeling your carpet now
catches a gust of breeze and rushes up into the air oh this is fun your wish is
its command you feel a warm balmy breeze across your
face and through your hair as you rush through the night sky the happier you
choose to feel and the more you appreciate what you see around you in
your heart the faster the carpet flies and the
higher it goes and the more it dips and turns and is so much fun you can now see a splendid palace
glittering in the moonlight with huge impressive domed rooftops of
marble and gold in beautiful wavy designs like they were inspired by the
curved lines of the desert sands this palace is so glorious to see that
you happily wish there were some friends to see this to and to share this
adventure with as your magic carpet soars closer to the
spectacular palace now you can see two little figures standing out to the front
under some big palm trees as you fly closer you can see it is a girl and a
boy and they a grinning up at you and waving you sense that they are good
people and the carpet spins down and hovers in front of them the boy and the
girl both look very familiar to you as though maybe you have seen them
somewhere before you introduce yourself and you meet jazz
a kind-hearted and quick-witted young Arabian princess with lovely long dark
hair as she climbs onto your magic carpet and then you meet a friendly clever and
very funny Arabian boy who tells you his nickname
is Ali as he happily climbs on to ride with you two as the three of you ride together and
fly up on your magic carpet in a sparkling gust of wind
princess jazz gives you a royal tour of the palace pointing out the gardens pools and
stunning buildings from the air above as you fly overhead then a little city made of Persian
architecture appears and to the three of you look down admiring the tiled art of stunning
spirals and swirls in turquoise and reds and purples and greens and blues these colorful designs celebrate the
artistic culture of Persian empires throughout history what a magnificent
City as you continue to soar over their
desert sands above huge sand dunes sparkling in the Starlight our lady
tells jokes and makes you all laugh as you love you look up
and you can see the stars and swirling glimmering galaxies so clearly out here
and they are incredible there are many more stars than you knew
existed the whole sky is dotted with glorious
starlight you point up as you see a shooting star streaming
across the sky and jazz and alley cheer with excitement and you feel so happy as you make a promise to yourself to let go of negativity and always
choose positive thoughts and positive feelings because then your life is a magical
adventure as you keep enjoying the balmy breeze flying through the night sky on your
magic carpet with your fun new friends a beautiful sight appears before you a
desert oasis of an aqua blue pool of water is glowing like a jewel in the
desert sands fringed by swaying date palms this peaceful lush Oasis looks like a
mystical Mirage but as you get closer you can see it is real Wow this is truly
amazing you see three friendly camels drinking at the water's edge of the
Oasis and then they look up grinning at you with their big funny teeth and gummy
smiles you've never taken a camel ride before maybe now's the time it's entirely up to
you you can go anywhere on your magic carpet
with your new friends you could ride through the middle east across Central
Asia or Africa Europe and oceania wherever your heart desires
to go a whole new world of possibility of shining sparkling splendor and
exciting positivity creating the most amazing ideas and exploring the
wonderful world on your magic carpet you are feeling so blissfully happy and
peacefully powerful because you know that you can create positive thoughts
now and you are making the most wonderful
reality of places and experiences for yourself and others you choose positive thoughts which keep you riding high and moving
forward fast both on your magic carpet and in your life and finally here my voice will leave you
soon - keep riding high thinking positively and having fun on your
enchanted journey keep having fun on your magic carpet ride for as long as
you wish in your happiest deep sleep dream adventure wishing happiness to all and to all a
good night you text Once upon a time, there was a palace in a beautiful country. palace palace There lived a very handsome king. king king And a beautiful queen. queen queen They had a pretty princess. princess princess One day, the witch took the princess. witch witch With her magic, the princess was trapped in the dark forest. magic magic Many knights tried to save the princess. knight knight But, they failed because the forest was guarded by a scary monster. monster monster The king and queen were so sad. One day, a prince from a neighboring country came to save her. prince prince "I'll save the princess!", said the prince. Suddenly, a fairy showed up. fairy fairy "With this dragon, you'll be able to save the princess!" dragon dragon "Oh, thanks!" The prince could beat the scary monster. "Thank you. My hero!" "You’re welcome." hero hero The prince and princess got married and lived happily ever after. Once upon a time, there was a palace in a beautiful country. There lived a very handsome king, and a beautiful queen. They had a pretty princess. One day, the witch took the princess. With her magic, the princess was trapped in the dark forest. Many knights tried to save the princess. But, they failed because the forest was guarded by a scary monster. The king and queen were so sad. One day, a prince from a neighboring country came to save her. "I'll save the princess!", said the prince. Suddenly, a fairy showed up. "With this dragon, you'll be able to save the princess!" "Oh, thanks!" The prince could beat the scary monster. "Thank you. My hero!" "You're welcome." The prince and princess got married and lived happily ever after. text Long, long ago, there lived a little girl. Her name was Rosie. But everyone called her Little Red Riding Hood. And that was because she wore her favorite red riding cloak every day. Hello! Little Red Riding Hood lived with her parents in a small house near the woods. Here bunny. Here, here. At the other end of the woods lived Little Red Riding Hood’s grandmother. She lived alone in a small cottage. One morning, Little Riding Hood decided she wanted to visit her grandmother. So she asked her mother for permission. Mother, may I go to meet grandma? She hasn’t been well. I want to cheer her up. Yes, you may, Little Riding Hood. I’ll give you some goodies for grandma too. But you must be careful on the way. And you must not wander in the woods, or talk to strangers. Don’t worry, mother. I’ll be careful. Little Red Riding Hood’s mother put some goodies in a basket, and gave the basket to Little Riding Hood. This basket is for your grandma. It’s full of her favorite things. Please give it to her and remember what I said. You must be careful on the way. And you must not wander or talk to strangers. I’ll remember, Mother. Goodbye. And so Little Red Riding Hood left  for her grandmother’s house. It was bright and sunny that morning. And Little Red Riding Hood was enjoying  walking through the woods. On the way, she spotted some  beautiful flowers. Oh! Look at those flowers!  They’re grandma’s favorite color! They’ll surely cheer her up. I should pick some for her. So Little Riding Hood  wandered into the woods  to pick flowers. While Little Red Riding Hood was picking the flowers, a wolf came by. He stopped when he saw Little Red Riding Hood. As he watched her, a wicked thought  crossed his mind. Mmm, that little girl looks delicious! She will be mine. The wolf went up to Little Red Riding Hood. And spoke to her in his friendliest voice. Hello, little girl! Look at those nice goodies in your basket and those flowers you’re picking are so pretty. Are they for your mother? Little Red Riding Hood was so busy picking the flowers that she forgot she wasn’t supposed to talk to strangers. No, they aren’t for my mother. They are for my grandmother. I’m going to visit her. Oh! Your grandmother? Does she live nearby? Yes! She lives in a cottage  on the other side of the woods. With a dark look in his eye the wolf said ‘goodbye’ to Little Red Riding Hood and hurried out of the woods. Goodbye! The wolf ran straight to Little Red Riding Hood’s grandmother’s house. He knocked on the door. When Little Red Riding Hood’s grandmother answered the door, the wolf rushed into the house. He tied Little Red Riding Hood’s grandmother up and locked her in the cupboard. After a while,  Little Red Riding Hood reached her grandmother’s house. She found the door open and went in. Grandma! Are you home? The wolf had dressed up  in Little Red Riding Hood’s grandmother's clothes. He was wearing her glasses too. And he had tucked himself in her bed. Little Red Riding thought the wolf was her grandmother. Hi, Grandmother! It’s me, Little Red Riding Hood. But when she drew closer,  she noticed something very strange. Grandma! Your ears look bigger! The wolf was very hungry. So he tricked her into coming closer. My ears are bigger so I can hear you better! Come closer, my dear! Little Red Riding Hood then noticed that her grandmother’s eyes looked bigger too. Why do your eyes look so big? So I can see you better! Come closer, my dear! Little Red Riding Hood then saw  that her grandmother’s teeth looked bigger too. Grandmother! Why do your teeth look so much bigger? My teeth are bigger so I can…. eat you up! The wolf jumped up and snapped his sharp teeth at Little Red Riding Hood! But she was a smart little girl. Help! She screamed for help.  A woodcutter who was chopping wood nearby heard Little Red Riding Hood. The woodcutter rushed into the house and taught the wolf a lesson. Take this, you bad wolf. The woodcutter and Little Red Riding Hood then rescued Little Riding Hood’s  grandmother from the cupboard. Little Red Riding Hood! You’re safe! Thank goodness. Little Red Riding Hood felt glad that the woodcutter had saved her that day. But she had learned her lesson. From then on when she went out on her own, she always listened to her mother. And never ever wandered off or talked to strangers again. text - [Voiceover] Little Red Riding Hood. There once was a little girl loved by everyone in her town. On her birthday, her grandmother gave her a hooded red cloak. She loved it and wore it so much, that everyone in town started calling her Little Red Riding Hood. Then came baking season and Red Hiding Hood's grandmother was exhausted. Red's mother wanted to help, so she asked Little Red Riding Hood, "Could you please take these basket of goodies "to your grandmother? "But be careful! "There's all kinds of strangers in the woods, "and even a few wolves." Little Red Riding Hood promised to be careful and headed on her way. She walked through the woods, whistling, enjoying the outdoors. It was a perfect day, except for... (growling) A wolf came out of nowhere and said, "Where are you going, little girl?" "To my Grandma's, Mr. Wolf," she answered. The wolf snarled like a toothy laugh. Then he bounded off into the woods. Little Red Hiding Hood hurried off to her grandmother's house, trying not to think about the big, bad wolf. Meanwhile, the big, bad wolf was running as fast as he could right to Little Red Riding Hood's grandmother's house. He knocked on the door.
(knocking) - [Grandmother] Hello? - [Voiceover] The wolf busted into Grandmother's house and locked her up in the closet! The big, bad wolf put on one of Grandma's nightgowns, placed her glasses on his face, and slipped into her bed right as there was a knock at the door. The door creaked open a sliver. "Grandmother?" Little Red Riding Hood called. "Come in!" said the wolf in his best Grandma voice. Red Riding Hood came to her grandmother's bedside. The wolf sat as still as he could and tried to look like Red's Grandma. Little Red Riding Hood gasped, "My! What big eyes you have, Grandma!" "All the better to see you with, my dear," replied the wolf. "And goodness, what big ears you have, Grandma," said Little Red Riding Hood. She took a step closer to get a better look. "All the better to hear you with, my dear," said the wolf. Red got even closer. "What big teeth you have, Grandma," she said. The wolf smiled, revealing the points of his sharp teeth. "All the better to eat you with," he growled. He pounced on her. Little Red Riding Hood screamed and fought back but it looked like there was no hope. Until... A woodcutter from the forest came running to the cottage. He broke down the door, got rid of the big, bad wolf, and rescued Grandma from the closet. Grandma and Little Red Riding Hood jumped for joy and thanked the woodcutter for helping, and the big, bad wolf ran away, never to be seen again. Thanks for watching! Be sure to click on these videos and watch more great Kids Learning Videos. ♫ Can you make the sounds of these ♫ The man said, "Sure," and he gave the second little pigs some... ♫ Swish, swish, swish ♫ The wipers on the bus go swish, swish, swish ♫ text CartoonLand presents Little Red Riding Hood Once upon a time there was a little girl. She was loved by everyone who knew her, especially her grandmother, who totally adored her. Her grandma would always pamper and spoil her in any way she could. Once, she bought her a beautiful, red velvet coat with a little red hood and the little girl loved it so much that she wore it all the time. This is how she got the name Little Red Riding Hood. Little Red Riding Hood’s family lived in a village, but her grandmother’s cosy little cottage stood in the forest. One day, Little Red Riding Hood’s mother said to her: Please, take this cake and a bottle of wine to your grandmother. Unfortunately she's sick, so a little food will do her some good. Be careful and stay on the path, don't wander off into the forest. Trust me, mother, everything will be alright. Little Red Riding Hood took the basket and set off. She left the village, went through the fields, and finally reached the huge forest. As she was wandering through the forest, she came across a wolf. Hello, Little Red Riding Hood. Hello, Mr. Wolf. Where are you going so early in the morning, dear?” To my grandmother’s cottage. And what do you have in your basket? A cake, freshly baked this morning and a bottle of wine. My poor grandma is very weak, maybe the food will help her regain some of her strength. And where does your grandmother live, dear child? Here, in the forest. Her cottage stands under three big oak trees, surrounded by nutbushes, you must know it. Of course, it’s not far from here, about 15 minutes. I can go with you so no harm will come to you in this dark forest. After they had walked together for a while, the Wolf said: Little Red Riding Hood, didn't you notice these beautiful flowers? You walked right past them as if you were just going to school. Wouldn’t it be nice if you picked some flowers for your grandma? Little Red Riding Hood looked at the sun light dancing across a field of flowers in the woods and listened to the birds chirping away beautifully. You’re right, Mr. Wolf. My grandma would love a beautiful bunch of flowers. It’s still very early, so I have plenty of time. I won’t be late. So she left the path and started to pick some flowers,, and as she did so, she went deeper and deeper into the dense forest. The wolf waited until Little Red Riding Hood had disappeared into the forest, then he ran to Grandma’s house and knocked on the door. Who’s there? It’s me, Grandma, Little Red Riding Hood. Open the door, I’ve brought you some delicious cake and wine. My dear Little Red Riding Hood, I am so weak, I cannot get up. Come in, the door is unlocked. The wolf took his chance and went into the house. He made his way over to the bed and quickly gobbled the grandma up. So fresh,  and Delicious! Now for my next meal. Mahaha.... Grandma’s clothes were folded up on the chair from the night before. The Wolf put on the skirt, squeezed himself into the shirt and tied the bonnet on his head then lay down in the bed. He pulled the blanket up to his face and waited. Little Red Riding Hood had picked so many flowers that she could hardly carry them. Oh, I completely lost track of the time picking these flowers. I must hurry to grandma’s house so I  won't be late. She continued on her journey and within a few minutes she was under the three oak trees, at the door of the cottage. Grandma, it’s me, Little Red Riding Hood. She was really surprised to find the door open but she thought: Poor Grandma, she must have been waiting for me. She's even left the door open to hear me coming. She went in but she could tell something wasn’t right. Nervously, she called: Good morning, Grandma. But no one answered. Grandma was laying there with her bonnet on her head, but she looked rather strange. Ohhh, Grandma, what big ears you have. All the better to hear you with. Ohhh, Grandma, what big eyes you have. All the better to see you with. Ohhh, Grandma, what big hands you have. All the better to hug you with. Ohhh, Grandma, what a big mouth you have. All the better to eat you with! The wolf jumped out of bed and gobbled poor Little Red Riding Hood up. Then he climbed back into bed as if nothing had happened and fell asleep. He snored so loudly that the windows of the small cottage started to rattle. A hunter was passing by Grandma’s cottage, and when he heard the racket he said to himself: This old lady’s snoring is very loud. I hope she's OK. Maybe I should go in and check on her. The hunter went into the cottage and found the wolf, in Grandma's bed and dressed in Grandma’s clothes. I've got you, you scoundrel. I’ve searched high and low for you and now there's no escape. He took his gun and was about to shoot the wolf when he realised that the evil wolf might have eaten Grandma and he may still be able to save her. So he did not shoot, but took a pair of scissors from a drawer and quickly cut open the sleeping wolf’s stomach. He immediately saw Little Red Riding Hood and released  her and her grandma. I was so scared. It was really dark in the wolf’s stomach. Little Red Riding Hood got some rocks and the hunter stuffed them into the wolf’s stomach, and then stitched up his belly and they all hid in the room. Soon the evil beast woke up. Oh, my tummy really hurts... Of course, I had a lot to eat but I didn’t drink enough. The wolf went to a nearby stream, but as he tried to bend down to drink the water, he lost his balance and fell in and drowned. I told you that I'd get you, you scoundrel. Grandma ate the cake, drank the wine and she felt much better. Little Red Riding Hood promised to herself that she would never stray from the path again. text Coloring Art Tables Once upon a time there was a kingdom. The king was happy that the prince was born. A cute princess was born at the same time in a neighboring country. The kings of the two countries were friends with each other. So they often had family gathering. During the family gathering, the prince and princess made friends. Years later, they both attended the same school. Even at school, they became best friends. The kings also enjoyed their relationship. But the princess was sad because the prince had to go to study abroad. Years later, she is happy to hear that the prince is present on the prom. The prince who attended the ball was delighted to see the princess. The prince was astonished to imagine the princess's childhood as she turned into a beautiful woman. The king called the prince to leave for a while. Suddenly a thunderstorm starts to strike. Witch and demons appeared. The witch has taken over the ballroom and make the princess a stone. The witch used magic to make people in the ballroom sleep. The red fairy barely escapes The prince, grasping the situation, ran away with the fairies. The prince asked the fairies to lend their power to defeat the witch. The prince gets a magic sword and wings on his shoulders. He went to the palace and challenged the witch. The witch turned into an evil dragon. and fired a flame. The prince avoided the flames and sealed the dragon with a magic sword. Then the storm of the castle disappeared. The prince approaches the princess, kneels and kisses the back of his hand. The princess is alive again. The princess admired the prince for protecting her country. She told the prince I wanted to fly in the sky. The prince agreed and had a great time together while enjoying the view from the sky. text Magic Bell A boy named Shiv lived in a village. He lived with his mother
and younger sister. He used to graze cattle in the forest
near the mountain. There was a huge tree. Shiv used to sit beneath
the tree and sing songs. He became friends with the birds there. He kept an eye on the cattle. He would come back to
the village in the evening... ...and hand over the cattle
to their respective owners. He would get some money
for grazing the cattle... ...throughout the day in the heat. Shiv met the household expenses
with the money he earned. He took care of his mother
and sister with the money. He bought household essentials
with the money he earned. His younger sister would
long for good food at times. She was bored of the simple staple food. Shiv understood what she
wanted but he was helpless. He had to save money
for his sister's education. The next morning Shiv went
to the forest to graze the cattle. He noticed a woodcutter
cutting the tree... ...under which he sat
and grazed the cattle. He was worried as well as sad. But, he got an idea. Listen to me woodcutter. Why are you cutting this tree? I think you aren't aware that the witch
who lives in this tree... ...will possess the
person who cuts this tree. She'll trouble him. The woodcutter was
scared and he ran away. Run! Run! After the woodcutter
went away from there... ...the spirit of the
tree appeared before him. It happily announced... You saved my life. Therefore I'm very happy. I gift you this bell as a reward. What will I do with this bell? This is not an ordinary bell. This is a magic bell. You can get any food you want with it. But, always remember that you
can ask it for food only once in a day. Thank you, my friend. Shiv was very happy as no
one would go to bed hungry any more. His younger sister would
get food of her choice. When Shiv returned home in the evening, He shared the incident
with his mother and sister. His mother and sister were very happy. They requested the magic
bell to fulfill their wish. They ordered the food of their choice,
ate to their heart's content... ...and went to bed. Next morning Shiv took
the cattle out to graze. When he reached home in the evening,
he found all the utensils empty. There was dry flatbread
and pickle for him. The food that he ate daily. Shiv was disheartened and angry. He didn't eat anything and went to bed. He took away the magic
bell with him the next morning. When his mother and his
younger sister were hungry... ...they looked for the magic bell. They searched the entire
house but didn't get the magic bell. They were sad. They thought that they lost the bell. They thought they would
neither get the bell nor food. They went to bed hungry. When Shiv returned
home in the evening... ...he took out the
magic bell from his pocket. He ordered the food of his choice. His mother and younger
sister were very sad to see this. His younger sister started
crying and she said... Brother, you've become selfish. You weren't like this before. Shiv was sad to hear this. He also realized his mistake. But, he also shared what he felt. You asked the bell to give you food
but you forgot to keep food for me. I was tired and went to bed hungry.
I had no other option. I was sad and angry. His sister realized her mistake. They shared food. How was the story? It teaches us a lesson. Always remember this moral. The moral of the story
is that we shouldn't be selfish. We must take care
of the needs of others. Magic Pencil A boy named Kushal lived in a village. He loved drawing. He used pointed stones and small sticks
to draw on wet clay and sand. He didn't have money to
buy paper and pencil. He always wished that
he had a pencil with which he could... ...draw beautiful pictures. He always drew the pictures passionately. One day when he was drawing
he met an old man. He gave a pencil to Kushal and said... You should draw pictures only
for the poor people with this. If you ever need my help
use this pencil to call me. After saying this
the old man disappeared. Kushal was very happy. He drew a mango with the pencil. Wow! This is wonderful. The mango turned into a real mango. After that he drew a dog. It also transformed into a real dog. What's this? This is a magical pencil. Thanks a lot, old uncle. I'll always remember your words. Kushal drew food with his pencil. It also transformed into real food. He drew grains, fruits, clothes
for his parents. All of them transformed into real things. Kushal drew the pictures of things
that the poor people needed... ...and gave it to them. The villagers were very happy
with Kushal as he helped the poor. The king heard about him. He called Kushal and ordered... Make a gold tree for the royal garden. Give me your pencil. Your Majesty, you're very rich. I draw pictures only for the poor people. The king got angry. He ordered that the pencil be
snatched from him. He started drawing a gold tree. But the gold tree didn't appear. He told the chief minister
to draw a picture. But even his drawing didn't turn into real. The king was furious. Kushal, listen to me. You've to draw the picture that
I want you to draw or I'll imprison you. Kushal thought that
if he disobeyed the king... ...he would put him behind the bars... ...and he wouldn't be
able to help the poor. He was very smart. He picked up the pencil
and drew the picture of the old man. The old man appeared before him. He tried to reason with the king. Greetings, Your Majesty. You don't have dearth of
money and wealth. But Kushal is trying to make
the poor people happy. You snatched the pencil from him
but it didn't fulfill your wish. No one else can bring
the pictures to life. After observing Kushal's dedication
towards his work and his honesty... ...I gave him the pencil. The king realized his mistake. He asked the old man
and Kushal to forgive him. The old man disappeared. The king rewarded Kushal. The moral of the story is that
we should do our work... ...honestly and with dedication. It's wrong to deceive people
to fulfill our selfish wish. 'The Magical Cap!' 'Sara, a loving girl
stayed in the village of Manipur.' 'She was the only daughter
of a priest named Shivkumar.' 'She loved everyone around her.' 'Irrespective of her age,' 'she helped people
as much as she could.' 'One day, she met an old lady
who seem to be quite sad.' 'She offered to help her.' 'But the old lady said,' Right now, you are too young to
help me. How will you help me? 'At the time, Sara thought,' 'if I could understand others pain,
then I'll be able to help them.' 'Same day, a magical incident
took place.' 'While returning from school,' 'she saw a cap seller.' 'He had several colourful caps.' 'Amongst all, Sara liked a cap
that was extremely unusual.' 'She asked him for that cap.' Could you give me this cap? But right now,
I don't have any money with me. I'll go home and get the money. Dear child, I could've
given you this cap. But all those
who bought this cap so far has eventually lost. Moreover, this red cap
somehow comes back to me. Hence, instead of this
you could buy some other cap. 'But Sara was fascinated
by that cap.' I want only this cap. All right.
But you don't pay for it. You can keep it as a gift from me. Okay, uncle.
Thank you! And I give you this guava. 'She happily
put the cap on her head.' 'She could perceive' 'what the cap seller
was thinking after selling the cap.' 'She asked the same to him.' Uncle, you might be thinking that I will also lose this cap. And will eventually
come back to you. Hey, how did you know
what I was thinking? Right. This is exactly
what I was thinking. I think this is a magical cap. Maybe, it's made for you. Thank you, uncle.
But what will I do with this cap? I took it so I could wear it. Dear child, you are the first girl to know that it's a magical cap. At the right time, you will learn how to use this cap. This has never happened before. Okay, uncle.
Bye. 'Sara was happy to have that cap.' 'She wore it on her head
and began marching home.' 'She then saw her neighbouring
old lady who was thinking' 'that due to old age,
she was unable to do more work.' 'But she was hungry
and didn't know what to do.' 'Sara was sad after learning
about the old lady's thoughts.' 'She went home and took
some food from her mother' 'and went to the old lady's house.' 'The old lady was glad to receive
food from the little girl.' This is what I was thinking, to get some food
from somewhere and... You got me this food. Thank you, dear child. 'Sara's heart was content.' 'This was her second experience.' 'She realised that she could' 'read people's mind
on wearing that cap.' 'But could she
wear that cap all the time?' 'She had to take off the cap while
in school or doing home chores.' 'She had made up her mind' 'she would wear that cap
if anyone needed her help.' 'One evening, she wore the cap' 'and walked towards
the village river.' 'She saw a few men talking
outside her school.' 'She read their minds.' 'They were thinking
to rob the school fee' 'of the students at midnight. 'Sara was very disturbed
after knowing about this.' 'She was wondering
whom to share this with.' 'Without wasting time,
she told her friends about it.' 'Kunal and Arjun,
readily agreed to help Sara.' 'At dusk, the three of them
stood quietly at the school gate.' 'By nightfall, they gradually
entered the school and hid.' 'They set-up traps there.' 'As soon as the thieves
approached the closet for money...' 'They got trapped and tumbled.' 'This means, Sara's
understanding was right.' 'They had informed their
teachers and the cops about it.' 'The cops arrived and
arrested the thieves.' 'The teachers thanked
Sara and her friends.' 'With the help of the cap,
before the robbery took place' 'Sara was able to get
the thieves arrested by the cops.' 'Sara's heart was filled with joy.' 'But then she realised,' 'for how long would
she read people's mind.' 'She would've to find
the cap seller and return that cap.' 'After few days, the cap seller
returned with his box of caps.' 'Sara went up to him
in order to return the cap.' 'The cap seller asked her
the reason for returning it.' 'To which she replied...' Everyday I help someone
with the help of this cap. But I'm too young right now. I would be more happy if an adult could use this
cap to help the needy. 'The cap seller responded...' Dear child, I did warn you earlier that this cap never
waits around with anyone. Eventually, it comes back to me. You were the only girl
this cap stayed for this long. And only you know about
the speciality of this cap. You helped the needy
after reading their mind. Which is clear,
that this cap was meant for you. Always keep this cap safe with you and help the needy. 'And the cap seller left.' 'Sara kept that cap
safe with her forever.' 'To know more about the latest
videos on Ultra Kids Zone, ' 'don't forget
to press the bell icon.' 'Subscribe to Ultra Kids Zone.' text Once upon a time, a brother and sister named Adrin and Mari. One day their father told them to go fishing together. The children fell asleep waiting for their father's food. There was a crow trying to take the children. The father found the children, but they were gone. The children entered a magical place in the fog. The crow was a witch. They decided to follow the feathers. When they went deep into the forest, they smelled delicious. There was a house made of sweets. Adrin knocked on the door of the house and the witch came out. The witch welcomed the children. She sprinkled the food with magical sleeping powder. The children ate and fell asleep. Adrin opened his eyes and realized he was trapped. The Black Fairy said sadly that he was also trapped by the witch. Mari worked to clean the witch's house. The Black Fairy told Adrin that they needed a witch's key. He had a good idea. It was a deep night and Mari went to prison to see Adrin. He asked for a shovel. The next morning the witch found a pit in prison. She hastily entered prison, and Adrin secretly escaped from there. Adrin and Mari freed the fairies. The red fairy made the witch's house small, and ate it. The fairies sent the children to the river near their home. They returned home happily. On a nice day, in a country far away.. Adrin and Bourgeois were taking pictures for the magazine. Adrin was a famous model. And Bourgeois was an actress. But she was famous for having a bad personality rather than acting well. She liked Adrin very much. She only did well to him. Unfortunately, Adrin was not interested in her. Meanwhile, a woman named Mari lived in another city. She was a gardener, and a big fan of Adrin. She saw a magazine in her garden. She wanted her and Adrin to take a picture together. There was a famous fashion designer worked near Mari's garden. She was looking for models. She saw the magazine, and she wanted Adrin to be her model. And she called him. Bourgeois was in the same place when Adrin received the call. She took the phone, and shouted that she wanted to be a model for the fashion brand. And the designer called again. This time Mari got a call. The designer said "I want to shoot this fashion photo in your garden." Mari liked a lot. On shooting day, Mari decorated the garden beautifully. She saw the designer walk with Adrin. She was surprised. Adrin and Mari greeted each other. Adrin thought she was a beautiful woman. As time goes by, Adrin was ready but Bourgeois didn't come. The designer was angry. At that time the staff came to her. He said Bourgeois could not come to the studio. Bourgeois was very angry about something and threw a plastic bottle. It bounced back to her and made a big bump on her head. Suddenly she had a good idea . She asked Mari to be a model to take pictures with Adrin. Mari was embarrassed and worried but decided not to miss this opportunity. Adrin and Mari did very well. They became friendly and exchanged numbers with each other. text Look at that girl, Tia. That boy will beat her up easily. I don't think she should get into a fight with him. No, Tofu. The boy was wrong to have stolen her bag. And the girl deserves a chance to get it back. But she is a girl! She can't win against a boy like that! She will get hurt. Just because she is a girl doesn't mean she has to fear Tofu. Girls also have a lot of courage and strength. Do you know of a girl like that? Yes, I do her name is MULAN Mulan? Who is she? Mulan lived in Ancient China with her parents. She was their only child. Her only companion was her dog called Little Brother. Mulan's father used to be a great warrior but he had hurt his leg in a war and couldn't fight anymore. One day, a messenger came from the Emperor. The Huns – China’s army -  had attacked and at least one man from each army had been ordered to join the Emperor's Imperial Army. This was terrible news for Mulan and her family as it meant that her father would have to go back to war. That night  when her parents had slept Mulan had an idea. She took her father's sword  and cut her hair off. Then she put on his warrior's uniform and she looked just like a man! She took Little Brother  and made her way to the Imperial army's campsite. There she met Captain Li Shang. What is your name? Ping, Sir! Very well, then. Time to begin your training. Mulan was delighted that everybody had accepted her as a man and started her training. Sadly, she lagged behind all the other warriors. You are not fit to be in my army. You are slowing everyone down. Go back to your village! Returning to her village would have brought great shame to her family so Mulan came up with another plan. She wrote a fake letter to the army  saying that the Huns have attacked. Reading the letter Li Shang ordered his army. Onward with me march to the mountains we shall defeat the Huns forever. As the army was crossing the pass that lead to the mountains they found themselves surrounded by thousands of Huns. We've been cheated. The Huns were supposed to be in the mountains. Soon the entire Imperial army was under attack. Mulan had another idea. She took the last cannon and let it. There was a huge blast which destroyed most of the Huns But it injured Mulan too. She was rushed to the Doctor's tent. Bring Ping to this bed I will take care of him. But there was a surprise waiting for the Doctor. Oh my God! Ping is a woman! Get me Captain Li Shang immediately. The doctor told the captain what she'd found. Few days later when the army started moving Shang spoke to Mulan. You have cheated me But you also saved the army in the passes Hence, your punishment is that you can no longer be a part of the army You will not come with us. Mulan was very upset and heart broken She needed to do something to save her family's honour That's when she heard the Hun's voices. Oh no! the Hun's are still alive! I must warn the Captain. And so Mulan raced to Imperial City to warn Shang. They are alive! We must prepare for another attack from the Huns. I cannot trust you anymore. You have cheated me before. You are not welcome here, leave! Mulan tried to inform the other leaders but no one would listen to her. Meanwhile the Hun leader Shan-Yu attacked the city and kidnapped the Emperor. Li Shang and Mulan freed the Emperor. Mulan then enticed Shan-Yu to follow her to the rooftop. There she tricked him and grabbed his sword and pinned his coat to the roof. As the two armies collided there was a huge explosion and the roof was destroyed taking with it Shan-Yu. Mulan fell to the ground. When she sat up, she saw that the Imperial Army had won and the Huns had been banished from the city forever. The Emperor was very happy with Mulan's bravery and gifted her a sword as a token of appreciation. Mulan went home  and presented the sword to her father who was very happy with the honour that his daughter had brought to the family. Suddenly there was a knock at the door it was captain Li Shang he’d come to return Mulan her helmet that she’s forgotten Mulan invited him to stay for dinner and he graciously accepted. So you see, Tofu girls can do anything they put their heart to. Tofu?  Tofu? Are you listening to me? Yes Tia, I am.  I am just thinking how wrong I was to think  that girls can't fight. Well, now you know. So better be very careful before you pick up fight with a girl next time! text Once upon a time, in a faraway land lived the Stahlbaum family. Their daughter was named Clara and their son was Fritz. On New Years Eve, Clara was very excited, so she couldn’t fall asleep. She was eagerly waiting for the next day to arrive. Time was passing by so slowly. Ohh God, please hear my prayers. Let it snow tomorrow night and let me get a very nice New Years gift! Finally, New Years came. They decorated the entire house and of course the pine tree in the living room. When Clara woke up in the morning, she couldn’t believe her eyes, her prayers had been answered as she was sleeping, it had snowed all night long. Everywhere was covered in snow. Both brother and sister were watching it snow from the window and waiting for their uncle to arrive. At last, Uncle Drosselmeyer was seen at the beginning of the road. You could tell even from faraway that the big bag in his hand was full of gifts. He’s coming, he’s coming, Mother! Uncle Drosselmeyer is coming! And he has a huge bag in his hand. I’m sure our presents are in the bag! Quick, open the door. It’s cold outside he must be freezing. The kids welcomed him with joy. Welcome Uncle Drosselmeyer. Welcome Uncle. Hello kids! The old man sat down immediately by the fireplace to warm himself. Uncle, can you give me my gift now, please? I’m so excited, I can’t wait anymore! Me too! Me too! Come on, Uncle! Ha ha ha....Okay, okay. I’m opening them right away. Their uncle opened the gift bag and gave the large beautiful box to Clara and the other one to Fritz. Clara who excitedly opened the box, screamed with joy when she saw the Nutcracker soldier inside. ohhh! This is the best present I’ve ever got. Thank you! I’m so glad you like it, Clara. At that time, Fritz who was watching Clara, quickly opened his own present. A large black mouse dressed as a pirate came out of his box. But Fritz didn’t like his gift at all. He wanted Clara’s gift to be given to him. He angrily threw the mouse on the ground, grabbed the Nutcracker from Clara’s hands and through it against the wall. His eyes were full of jealousy. Fritz!!! I want a Nutcracker too. I don’t like this mouse at all. Why is Clara’s gift better than mine? Don’t say that Fritz, your gift is nice too, its very kind of your uncle to have thought of you and bringing you a gift. You’re being rude acting like this. I don’t care! I don’t care! I don’t want this ugly mouse! Clara, who went to the spot where the Nutcracker fell, noticed that one of his arms had broken. My dear soldier! I was going to dance with you. What a shame, I didn’t even get a chance to play with you yet! Don’t be sad, Clara. I’ll fix him right away; he’ll be as good as new. Don’t worry. Uncle Drosselmeyer immediately glued the Nutcracker’s arm and fixed him. Fritz what you’ve done is not nice. I had many more soldiers. I was going to surprise you later. But you’ve now lost your chance. Both angry and sad at Fritz’s behavior, his uncle hid the box full of soldiers in a cupboard. But, but, Uncle.... Let this be a lesson to you! Ashamed of what he had done, Fritz knew there was nothing he could do. He hung his head in shame and went to his room. After midnight it was their bedtime. As it was New Years Eve, they were allowed to sleep so late, but the night was now over. Everyone wished one another a happy new year and went to their rooms. Clara layed in her bed with the Nutcracker. As she was sound asleep, she heard some ratling noises downstairs. Curious, she went down to the living room. Downstairs, there was a battalion of mice just like the pirate mouse that Fritz had gotten as a gift, wandering around and messing up the living room. Clara, Clara, where are you, come downstairs! Clara, knew that the pirate mice were looking for her and she was very frightened. But after a moment, she realized there was no need to be afraid of a little toy mouse. It’s a little toy. What can it do to me? We can probably talk and sort things out. She left the Nutcracker at the top of the staircase and went downstairs. And what did she see! The little toy mice were even taller than her. And not just the toys, all the furniture was also huge. Glancing around really fast, she realized right away what was going on. It turns out, she had shrunk, she was teeny tiny! Oh my God, what’s happening? Why am I so tiny? I must escape before these mice catch me. The mice kept getting closer to Clara. We’re capturing you Clara. You are going to come with us to Mice Town. Don’t resist; we’ll catch you sooner or later! Right then, all the toys in the living room came to life. Tanks, cannons, soldiers, baby dolls and stuffed animals all headed towards the pirate mice. Clara found the only way was to go behind the gifts under the new years tree. Just like the other toys, the Nutcracker that came to life jumped from the stairs and started fighting the pirate mice. He was so brave! The soldiers that Uncle Drosselmayer put in the cupboard also jumped down to help the Nutcracker. The pirate mice were suddenly shocked of such a strong defense and started retreating. Run for your lives! We’ve been defeated! Heeeelp! Clara...Clara, you can come out now, the pirate mice have run away. We’ve won! Clara came out from behind the gifts she was hiding of fear. Everyone was very happy because of this victory. I was so scared Nutcracker, you saved me from those pirate mice. Thank you very much. The Nutcracker suddenly turned into a very handsome soldier and bowing before Clara invited her to dance with him. Will you dance with me, Clara? Ohhh... with pleasure! They started dancing, and just at that moment, beautiful music spread across the living room. Small fairies were throwing flowers around. The flowers were magical and Clara suddenly found herself wearing a beautiful ballerina outfit and ballet slippers. Clara had turned into a ballerina. I admire you Clara! How wonderful you do ballet. Thank you. My biggest dream is to be a ballerina one day. Do you think I can be one? I’m sure you’re going to be a wonderful ballerina. Then, the name of the melody playing right now will be called the ‘Nutcracker Ballet’. Whenever you hear it, think of me, Clara. All the other toys were watching them in awe. Clara did ballet with the Nutcracker for hours. Spinning round and round on one foot, it was as if she was flying in the living room... But suddenly, she heard a sound. Clara, Clara! Wake up dear. It’s morning already. Hımmm…So you’ve slept with the Nutcracker. Good morning, Mother! I wish you didn’t wake me; I was having a wonderful dream. I was dancing nonstop with the Nutcracker, I was a ballerina! Really? Well you must be tired after all that dancing..ıhı ıhı... Come on, Wash up, we’re waiting for you for breakfast. She really took the nutcracker in her hands and started dancing with him. She still had the melody in her ear. It was as if the dream was real. My handsome nutcracker! text We've all heard of Peter Piper and the
pack of pickled peppers that he picked but we never found out what happened to
those peck of pickled peppers that Peter Piper picked. That's not acceptable. We must know what
happened!! Ahem!! Peter Piper picked a peck of pickled peppers; A peck of pickled peppers Peter Piper picked. If Peter Piper picked a peck of pickled peppers,  Where's the peck of pickled peppers Peter Piper picked? The people of Pepperopolis were puzzled and proceeded to ponder the possibilities! Perhaps Peter Piper packed the peck of pickled peppers, per proper packing practices? Or perchance the peppers proved putrid and Peter decided the peck of pickled peppers were too pitiful for packing? (sneakily) But probably, prior to packing, 
Peter Piper pinched the peck of pickled peppers
by putting them in his pockets! (evil chuckle) Perplexed, the people petitioned the Pepper Police to puzzle it out. I’m pleased to proclaim that the Pepper Police pledge
to place this pepper perpetrator in prison Providing the Pepper Police procure proper proof proving Peter Piper
positively pinched the peck of pickled peppers, punishment procedures will be proposed, 
pronounced, and performed publicly and proudly! Presently the prosecution proposes 
Peter Piper purposefully stole the peck of pickled peppers for purposes of pigging out. Peter Piper pleaded and protested that his process was pure. But Peter’s protests were put down and passed over by the prosecution.  Peter would be punished in prison. Poor, poor, Peter.  But then, the perfume of pickled peppers permeated the proceedings. The people were perplexed, and pondered. What person has presently partaken of pickled peppers? The prosecution was puzzled, How could puffs of peppery perfume persist  when peppers haven’t been present in these proceedings? Then Peter pointed at Percival the Pirate, popularly pegged as Pirate Purplebeard, and pronounced,   "I proclaim pepper piracy from that peppery perfumed person,  who partook of the peck of pickled peppers! It was Pirate Purplebeard who stole the 
pickled peppers that I picked!" (gasp!) Percival the Pirate, provoked to passion, plunged past people, pursued by Pepper Police and popped poor people with peppers in his path. Peter too plunged forward, picked up a pike,  and poked it at Percivel,
parting Pirate Purplebeard from his
 prized peck of pickled peppers!  The Pepper Police imprisoned Percival promptly! Peter’s purity in proper pepper picking and packing is proved! Yes, we promptly proclaim Peter Piper to be pure in pepper picking purpose. And Pirate Purplebeard, professional pepper thief,  has publicly been proved to have procured the 
peppers improperly. Pickled Peppers were protected,  and Peter’s participation in 
petty thievery was proved pure poppycock.  Peter Piper was presently promoted to 
Premier Picker of Pickled Peppers in Pepperopolis. Ahem... So children, the moral... Pass up the pitfalls of being a Pirate and
 pick up your peppers properly.  Period. The end. Whewww!! text addisebaba fairy tales and bedtime
stories for kids Pollyanna with their golden hair always smiling
face Pollyanna was a ten year old little girl spreading joy around her but she
had lost her parents when she was really young and was left all alone for some
time she stayed in the orphanage after some time had passed her wealthy and
accepted to look after her and miss Polly prepared the small attic for
Pollyanna the house maid Nancy was really happy about this
hopefully a little guess will be successful in cheering up grumpy miss
Polly when arrived at home Pollyanna was crying with happiness she hugged her
auntie around her neck but her auntie was somewhat serious she took Pollyanna
and showed her to her room Pollyanna was stunned when she saw the size in the
wealth of this house her auntie showed her room in the Attic
this is your room and dinner starts at 6 p.m. don't forget Pollyanna liked her
room very much having seen all the other rooms in the house
Pollyanna did not bother to think once as to why her aunty gave her the room in
the Attic right at six o'clock miss Polly sat at the dinner table but
Pollyanna had not arrived yet where is this girl would you like me to go and
call her miss Polly no after dinner miss Polly went over to her room and
noticed the room was empty she immediately went over to the garden to
tell the gardener that she was missing the gardener on the other hand pointed
over to a rock on the hill she was over there in a rush Nancy ran over to
Pollyanna and together they made their way to the villa didn't matter what the
situation was Polly Ann always managed to keep a positive attitude about
everything this left nancy amazed she asked
Pollyanna what the secret to this was the glad game my father taught me this
when I was young a very helpful lady once sent us crutches when I asked us to
why she said so that as long as they were in our sight we would be able to
appreciate the fact that we didn't need to use them and be glad it is because of
that day that whenever me and daddy feel like we're in doubt we think of that day
and we find a reason to be glad further into the evening pollyana was in
her room on her bed crying hysterically yes father my father who lives amongst
the Angels I'm trying to play our game you know that but if you were stuck in
an attic in the dark sitting all by yourself you too would find it hard to
be glad the following day Pollyanna went downstairs to the garden and hugged her
Auntie beloved auntie this morning I'm so grateful to be alive
is it that how we say good morning after having said this
Aunt Polly turned around and left watching them from afar the old
gardener's eyes went watery he didn't went over to Pollyanna and told her how
much she look like her mother knowing that the gardener knew her mother made
her happy as time went on by pollyannas alive at
the villa had gotten better she would have her breakfast then straight after
start doing her homework with her aunty and then after lunch she would have free
time until 6 o'clock she would even do some of the grocery shopping for the
house one day in the town she saw a man wearing a long black coat with a
cylinder-shaped hat although she tried being friends with him she couldn't make
much sense out of what the man was saying to her some time had passed and
she saw the same man again she tried to talk to him once again this time around
he too made conversation with her Nancy was in shock because although the men I
mean mr. Pendleton was very wealthy he lived in a huge house all by himself
and never ever did he speak to anyone the following day
Pollyanna went home with a very weak jog miss Polly didn't say a word but the
following day after that one she brought a boy home and miss Polly was extremely
cross with her enough Pollyanna amongst all the other
hideous things you've done this is by far the worst as if it wasn't enough
that you brought all the cats and dogs from the streets now you're bringing
beggars to my house I'm not a beggar madam after having said that the boy
rushed out of the house but Pollyanna was determined to save this kid from the
streets in September Pollyanna started school it didn't take long for
Pollyanna to like her school one day during a visit mr. Pendleton asked
Pollyanna not to leave and if she could stay with him of course it was
impossible for Pollyanna to give an answer mr. Pendleton explained
everything to Pollyanna back when I was young I fell in love with your mom I
loved her dearly but your mom never loved me back then soon later she
married your father and they moved away from the city ever since that day mr.
Pendleton always seemed to be upset towards the world around him he would
always have a long face but having Pollyanna look like her mother with her
sincere looks made it possible for him to look at the world in a more positive
manner this way by having Pollyanna next to him
all the time he would have a reason to live
Moo next to me and together we will be happy you can see me as a father and
I'll see you like a daughter but although her aunty didn't show it
she knew she loved her very much and she didn't want to leave her auntie she
didn't know how to tell this to mr. Pendleton at last she found a solution
she wanted mr. Pendleton to take Jimmy the kid her aren't refused to look after
and thought this way both mr. Pendleton and Jimmy would be happy and Pollyanna
could visit them both more often mr. Pendleton asked for them to come
together the following week but after a few days a very unfortunate accident
happened a car hit Pollyanna after opening her
eyes a day later in the hospital Pollyanna was very happy to be alive she
didn't want her Auntie to leave her side she was living the happy moment of her
auntie calling her my darling a few days later
Pollyanna had left the hospital but she could no longer use her legs
when mr. Pendleton visited Pollyanna he told miss Polly about his offer to
Pollyanna and how she rejected the offer to to her Auntie after hearing his story
miss Polly's love suddenly grew much bigger for her just so that her niece
would be happy she would allow the cats and dogs to go up to her room she would
allow anything that made Pollyanna happy the doctor that they had been waiting
for from the city came one week late after pollyannas checkup the doctor had
to give the bad news unfortunately this young girl will not be able to walk oh
no after hearing this miss Polly began to cry and soon after after hearing her auntie's voice
Pollyanna began to cry hysterically right then everyone was waiting for
bitter sad days everyone was shitting away their tears
far Pollyanna began to tell everyone that
visited her about the glad game in order to make Pollyanna happy mr. Pendleton
decided to adopt Jimmy when Pollyanna heard the good news she was so happy
miss Polly couldn't believe that she was the only one that didn't know the glad
game once she began talking to Nancy she found out about everything she then
quickly rushed over to Pollyanna so the glad game from now on we will
play this game together yay it is by far the best near the valley
meanwhile mr. Pendleton's doctor wanted to see Pollyanna but there was one
problem due to an argument they had many years ago with Miss Polly
he hadn't stepped a foot into that house for 15 years in the end both ends had
come to an agreement and they took her to a hospital out of the city mr.
Pendleton doctor looked after Pollyanna and said
that there is hope a few months had passed auntie Polly
received a letter from Pollyanna dearest Aunt Polly I have great news my therapy
has ended with great results at last I can walk the doctors here say that I can
return home soon wish I could walk the way back oh how happy I am everything
makes me happy in fact I'm even happy that I couldn't
use my legs for some time because if it didn't happen
I would never appreciate them as much as I do now hoping to see you soon wait love
Pollyanna text Hello there children. Have a seat! Or
stand. Do what you like! It's cool schools' fairy
tale time. Our tale is one of vegetables and
princesses. Yes! It's the princess and the pea! Lovely. Once upon a time, there was a very picky prince. His socks had to match his shirt, or he
wouldn't leave the castle. AND, he would only eat his peas if they were served with baby carrots and a side of ranch dressing and a pickle. Very particular. His bed pillows had to
be fluffed exactly six times each before he
could even think about going to bed. That little prince grew up and it was time
for him to find a princess and get married. But like always, he was very, very
picky. "No, too tall! Too short. Nostrils are too big." "Do you prefer dogs or cats? Wrong!" "I like hamsters. Next. What do you like on your pizza?" "Pineapple?! Ew! Who do you like better? Spiderman or The Flash? My Little Pony?!" "Wrong answer. Can you rub your tummy and pat your head at the same time?" Next!" "Who does he think he is, a prince?" Well, actually, yes. Then one night, a terrible thunderstorm was raging outside.. A girl who said she was a princess, but
was late because of the rainstorm and her shoe falling off in a puddle and her getting a
blister on a big toe.. Well, anyway, she came to the castle door. "Oh my gosh I'm so sorry to bother you but it's literally raining cats and dogs out there and I really must change into some dry clothes. Plus, the rain makes my hair like totally frizzy and I just can't deal with that." But the prince liked her. Because he also didn't like it when his hair got frizzy. He told her to come in and he quickly
asked her the important questions one needs to ask when they're picking out a
princess. "What do you like better cats or
dogs?" "I prefer hamsters, haha." "What do you like on your pizza?" Nothing! That'll ruin the pizza "Spiderman or The Flash?" "Duh. Spiderman." And she could totally rub her
tummy well padding ahead While standing on one foot! Wow! The prince really liked her, but he thought
she was too good to be true. He just didn't
believe she was actually a real princess. He did what any good prince does when he doesn't know what to do.. He asked his mom, the Queen. She did a quick check on Google. "Oh yes! The classic pea test." The Queen placed one tiny little green pea underneath the mattress in the guest
bedroom. If she's a real princess, then she'd feel the pea and wouldn't be
able to sleep. Just to be really, extra, super duper, 100%, positively, completely sure the Queen added another few mattresses and lots of soft feather mattress
toppers and out of habit, fluffed the pillows 6 times each. That night, the princess could
not sleep at all. Perhaps it was the rainstorm
outside, or maybe a bad dream, or maybe it was the pea! The next morning when they
gathered for breakfast, the young lady couldn't stop yawning. "How did you sleep my dear?" "Well the room room was lovely, and the pillows were like perfectly fluffed, but there was this huge bump, like right
in the middle of my back, it was terrible. I thought it was a huge
rock, and it kept me tossing and turning all night. Well, I did some digging, and I found this. A pea!" "A pea, you say?" "I quite love peas." "Oh, so do I. But only with baby carrots and a little ranch dip on the side and maybe a pickle." "Mom, it's her! She's the one. The perfect princess!" The girl was not
only a total princess, she turned out to have a mega-ton in
common with the prince. They were both very picky, but, they
were very picky about all the same things so
they had to get married. ,Everyone at the wedding agreed they were
a perfect pair! Well not that kind of pear. Anyway, they would just like peas and carrots. With
the little ranch dip of course. Kind of a fairytale ending don't you think? "But hey, don't go away yet.
What fairytale do you want to see next on fairytale time at Cool School?" "Put your ideas in the comments below." 
"Click right over here to watch Rapunzel and right over here
for Sleeping Beauty with Miss Booksy." "Too-da-loo boys and girls!" text It was Ms. Pines’ last day at school today. Yes, I am going to miss her too. She was very nice. Yes, and she gave all of us from class little souvenirs to remember her by. Really! Wow! What did you get? That’s the thing. She gave everyone toys or fancy stationery. All she gave me was this empty diary. So? What’s wrong with it? What will I do with a diary? All the kids were showing me their lovely gifts and I felt so bad. I think you need to know about the miller’s son  who got a cat from the miller. Once upon a time, there lived a miller who had three sons. When the miller was dying he left his mill to his eldest son his donkey to his second son  and for the youngest son he left his pet cat. The two elder brothers could use the mill and the donkey for trade and earning money  but the cat had no use for them. So they kicked the youngest brother and his cat out of their home. One day, when the third son was sitting with his cat, the cat said to him. Master, don’t worry. Everything will be fine. How will that be? Can you get me a pair of shoes and bag? I have very little money left. But I have never seen talking cat before, so I trust you. And so the Master bought the cat the boots and the bag. The cat happily took it  and went into the nearby forest. There he found a rabbit hole. He put the bag to the mouth of the hole. As soon as a rabbit came out, he got caught in the bag. The cat quickly tied its mouth  and took it to the Master. Master, I have brought you a rabbit for dinner. Let me cook it for you. The cat quickly cooked delicious dinner for his master. Once they were done, he went back to the rabbit hole. There he caught one more rabbit. He took this rabbit to the king’s palace. Your majesty, my Lord Marquis of Carrabas has sent you a gift. Thank you Puss, and thank the Marquis for me. The cat continued to do this for many days. One day it heard about a nasty ogre that everyone was scared of. The cat went to meet him. Hello. What are you doing here? Oh, I just came to see why every one is scared of you.  I don’t see any reason. Don’t you know who I am? I can kill you right now. I don’t think so…you don’t really have the power. I have the power to take any shape I want. I can become a lion and strike you. Haha…I am not scared of lions. I am only scared of rabbits. Well, here it goes then! As soon as the ogre turned himself into a rabbit the cat pounced on him and killed him. The next day he requested his master. Master, please go and bathe in the lake outside the forest I request you. The Master agreed. As he was taking a bath, the cat stole the master’s clothes and hid them. Then he ran to the highway and waited for any carriage to pass. As soon as he saw the king’s carriage pass, he called out. Help! Your majesty! My master in the lake but someone stole his clothes. I don’t want him to catch a cold. please help The king recognized the cat who had been bringing his master’s gifts to him everyday and stopped immediately. He sent his man to retrieve some clothes from the castle and took them to the Master. They gave the clothes to the third son who looked very handsome in them. Ride with my daughter and me, Marquis of Carrabas. We will take you to your place of stay. Thank you my Lord. The cat sat in the front with the driver while his master sat with the king and his daughter in the back. He showed the driver the way to the Ogre’s castle. And told him to take them there. Once they had reached the cat got down and opened the door of the carriage. We are home, Master. Yes dear Puss. Thank you. The king was impressed by the third son’s humility and manners. He decided to get his daughter married to him. The young couple happily agreed. And they lived happily ever after. So the cat that everybody thought was of no use was extremely useful and changed everything for the third son! Exactly Tofu! I am going to keep this diary close to me always. And use it to write great stories. I am happy for you! text The Fairy Tale Rapunzel (singing) the Sun and sky I love all the winds
rushing hmm. Oh - Hello my name is Rapunzel and I've been here and I am locked
up in this tower by an evil witch and I've been here since I was a baby
and I wish I could go home and see my mom and dad again.
Well I'll try to be happy. (Singing) I love tweeting birds
I love tweeting sounds I love to go, I would love to see the wind rising by, but... do you hear this voice? I'm really enjoying this walk through the forest and the fields, thank
you for coming with me Prince's Aid. You're welcome.
Do you hear that singing? Yeah, it's very beautiful whoever's singing it has a beautiful voice Do, do, do, do , do, do, do... Well I was hearing it but all I hear now is an old MacDonald song. Hi - Are you Old MacDonald?
Yes, that I am. Do you know where that singing is coming from? Oh yeah, it's just a girl she she always sings she's locked up in a tower. Do you know how to get there? Well, you go down that path and cut right through the woods, way over there,
and then you find it. Thank you. Thank you. You're welcome. (Singing) Do, do, do, do, do, do, do... Look, it's the tower. That's a tall tower it has only one window at the top how are we gonna get up?   Look there's a witch let's see how she gets up the tower. Rapunzel, let down your hair. Rapunzel let down your hair I have some food for our dinner. Ok Witch. I'm much too old for this
kind of thing but now I gotta keep my reputation as a big bad witch up. Rapunzel after all these years of me
climbing your hair you'd think you'd be strong enough to help a bit. Well, you're
just not very strong are you? I see how the witch gets up to the top of the tower. Let's wait until she leaves. Bye Rapunzel. Bye Witch. Wooo...  it's much better going down than climbing up. Looks like she left. I'm going up. (Singing) Oh I love the cows running by
and the waterfalls and the rivers and fishes... Maiden in the tower lower down your hair
I want to talk to you. Oh, hello who are you? I'll tell you when I get up just lower down your hair okay oh it's hard work going up so uh Oh hmm I'm gonna get climbing closer - I'm almost there. I made up that tall tower.
Hello. Hello, what's your name? My name is Prince Sebastian from Burpingham
Prince Jabastian... That's a nice name. Why are you in this tower? Because an evil witch locked me in here. How long have you been here? For 20 years.
What is your name? My name is Rapunzel That's a beautiful name. You have
wonderful hair. Thank you. You have beautiful singing. I love to sing, I don't have really much things to do at this tower. How did you get here? By an evil witch! It happened when I was a baby. My mom and dad were very poor and had no food... Oh Theodore I can't help it, but I'm so hungry. I don't know what to do, I'm gonna starve to death. I know I'm really sorry we don't have any money What are we going to do? Do you have any ideas?
I promise somehow I will get us food That's terrible. My mom and dad were
starving but my dad got some food out of our neighbor's garden. I am really worried. Me and my wife haven't had anything to  eat for days. We're starving.
Wait! The woman next door has a garden Maybe I can sneak over there and get
some food. You Thief!! You put that back right now! What are you doing!! My wife and I are starving. We need some food. Why are you taking from my garden. Go do some work or something to earn money. I can't get any work I'm too scruffy. It
turned out that our neighbor was an evil witch. The evil witch said she was going to lock up my dad in jail for stealing her food. I'm going to report you to the police
and you're gonna go to prison for stealing. What a horrible witch! So my dad says is there anything that I can give you for not locking me up in jail? Please don't report me. I'll give you
anything. Anything huh? Are you so sure? Yes!  The witch said to give her his
firstborn child All right. Well if you promise to give me
your firstborn child then I won't report you. I won't go to jail? Only if the firstborn child goes to me. Okay - It's a deal. When I was a baby my dad and mom took me to the witch. Oh Theodore, do we have to give up our first child? This is awful!
She needs her actual mother! yes I'm Yes, I'm sorry Gertrude... Oh Theodore do we have to give up our first child? Yes. I am so sorry
Gertrude. That's nor fair. That's not fair. I know, but if we don't then the witch will put us in jail and take the child anyway. Do we have any other choice? Not really.  Fine! Don't cry Gertrude. I cannot help it. I can't stand to see you cry. That's the witch. Oh why do we have to
give up this child? Do we have any other choice? No. I'm here to pick up the child. Oh take her, take her. Leave us! No! NO! She brought me to the tower. That's just awful. That's how I got here. And I tried to be happy and I love
to sing I'll be back to save you. Please Please
do. Bye Rapunzel Bye Bye Prince come back for me soon. Wheeeee...  This is fun going down the tower. Whoa Yeah Yay Whoo Bye. So what did you see at the tower? I saw a beautiful maiden. And she's trapped by the witch in the tower. And we've got to work out a good
plan to save her. Come on. I hope our plan works. Yep I think it's a
really good plan, if it doesn't work I'll be really sad. Well I hope we get Rapunzel out of the tower really soon. I'm the big bad wolf and I normally gobble people up and eat them for dinner but right now I'm looking for the three
little piggies have you seen them? No. Who am I going to eat for dinner? Have
you seen a girl in a Little Red Hood? Little Red Riding Hood? Little Red Riding Hood have you seen her? No. Well I can't gobble her up either. Okay well who are you? Where are you going? We're looking for a maiden in a tower super beautiful
maiden and we're going to save her from the evil witch. The evil witch! She is very evil.
Well you be careful on your way now. Bye bye. See you later. Oh Scary witch! What was I thinking? I should have gone
and got the maiden myself for my dinner. Right I'm going to tell the witch
that these two are coming and hatch a plan. I'm hungry. Hungry? I'm the one that's
hungry. You're hungry? Well who are you? A little old grandmother? I'm not a grandmother. I'm a big bad witch I've even got a maiden in a tower. A big bad witch? Well
I'm the big bad wolf and if you were not so ugly I would gobble you up for my
dinner. Well, since I'm that ugly, how about we be big and bad together. Well I like
that idea! A maiden, in a tower sounds like
delicious dinner. Talking of a maiden Is her name Rapunzel? How did you know.
Well there's a prince and the King's aide going off to save her so you better
watch out witchy. A prince? What Prince is this? One that's in love with he,  he
called her beautiful. What would he know about beauty. Well Rapunzel's going to be in big trouble! I'm gonna go and find my dinner. Bye Big Bad Witch. Bye Big Bad Wolf. Rapunzel stand up, get right there. Have you been seeing a prince? I knew it because the
big bad wolf told me that he's gonna come save you and that's not okay with
me. Do you know what I'm gonna do to you? I'm gonna cut off all that hair so no one will love you Aaah... Not my beautiful hair!! No one will love you now. Never come back Rapunzel. I don't ever want to see you again.   Okay, I'm going up to rescue Rapunzel. Oh
Rapunzel - I'm here to rescue you let down your hair Where are you Rapunzel, I can't see you. Where are you. Roar. You are nor Rapunzel,  you're a witch! Aaaaah. My eyes, thorns got in my eyes!! That worked better than I thought! Prince are you okay? I'm blind I can't see.
Well, bling people wear sunglasses you can use mine. Right Princes Aide - we're gonna look
everywhere for Rapunzel I got to find her!!           Oh Rapunzel we're so happy you're back.
So am I.  I'm so happy I'm back with you guys. Did the witch treat you well. No. She didn't? What horrible things has she done to you? She cut my hair off. Oh.. How long was it? It was really long. Well how long was it? It was this long
Whoa. I wish I could have seen it (Knock) Who could that be? I'm Prince Sebastian and
I'm looking for Rapunzel,  I have searched throughout the whole kingdom does she
live here? Yes she does. Are you the prince she's always talking about? Yeah.
Rapunzel there's somebody at the door for you. Okay. My Prince! My Lovely Prince! Rapunzel! Yay! Yay! The Prince and Rapunzel are back together!! Yay! I'm so happy I could cry!! ...After the witch threw me out of
the tower and I got blinded then my Aide and I were searching the whole world to
find you and Rapunzel is such an uncommon name, we heard that Rapunzel lived in this little town and we came here to look for you. And I
am so exhausted from my journey. I'm so happy that you kept looking for me I'm so happy that I could cry I'm really happy that I could cry... I'm so
happy that I'm crying. oh I'm so happy that I'm crying - like oh no my my my tears are dropping in your head ... I'm so happy that my tears are going on your head. The tears are
going in my eyes. Rapunzel!  I think I can see something now... Rapunzel, I can see you! My Prince! My lovely Prince! Let me have a good look at you, it's been
so long. Oh, I love my prince! I brought you some a crown and some gloves will
you be my wife. Yes! Did you like the crown and gloves I gave you? Yes.
Prince's Aide,  Mom, Dad I'm getting married! Yay - My daughter's all
grown up. Laughter! My name is Lorenzo and I played Old
MacDonald and I am nine. Hi my name is Noah James Vickery and, and, my...  I forgot Hi - My name is Noah James Vickery and I played the Prince's Aide, and I am 7 years old. Hello, my name is Joseph and I
played Rapunzel's dad and I am 12. Hello, My name is Liberty Grace Vickery and I
played Rapunzel's mom and I am 16 years old. Hi everybody, my name is Marie
Vickery and I played the big bad wolf hope you liked it! My name is Peter
and I played Prince Sebastian of Burpingham, and I am nine. My name is Legacy Vickery
and I played the big bad witch and I am 14 years old hope you all enjoyed it! Hi - My name is Zion Hope Vickery and I play Rapunzel and
I'm five.  Bye!! text Once upon a time, there lived a husband and a wife. Their house was right next to a garden that was full of fruits and vegetables. One day, the wife saw a delicious-looking vegetable called “Rapunzel” growing in the garden. Husband, look! There are rapunzels growing in the neighbour’s garden! They look delicious. Would you please bring me some? The husband was afraid, because the garden belonged to a witch. My dear, the garden belongs to a witch. I don’t think it’s safe for me to go there. The witch might cast a spell on me if she sees me. Then, one day, the wife fell ill. She refused to eat anything that the husband gave her and only asked for the rapunzels. Rapunzels. They are all that I would like to eat. They are the only things that will make me feel better. The husband was very worried about his wife. So later that night, he gathered all his courage and went into the witch’s garden. I hope the witch is not here. I’ll pluck a few rapunzels quickly and run home. The wife enjoyed the rapunzels,  and felt so much better after eating them, that she wanted more. These rapunzels are making me feel much better. Dear, please get me some more. The husband returned to the witch’s garden  to get more rapunzels. But to his great shock, the witch was there. And when she saw the husband, she grew very angry. You have been stealing my rapunzels. You are a thief! I will cast a spell on you and turn you to stone! The husband was very afraid. He began to shake with fear. I am sorry, I am sorry. Please don’t punish me. My wife is unwell I only took the rapunzels for her health. I will pay you whatever you want. I don’t want money. But I’ll tell you what I want instead. When your wife gets better and has a baby, I will come and take the baby instead. And if you don’t give it to me, I will turn you to stone. Okay The husband was very afraid of the witch and so he agreed. Time passed and the husband forgot all about the witch. His wife got better. And one day, she gave birth to a beautiful baby girl. Soon after the baby’s birth, the witch appeared. I have come to take the baby! I hope you remember. You promised that you would give me your baby  in exchange for my rapunzels! Or else I would turn you to stone. I will keep my word. You can take the baby. The witch took the baby. I will name you Rapunzel after the vegetable your father stole from my garden. And when you grow up, you will be my servant. The witch kept Rapunzel in a room atop a tall tower. The years passed and Rapunzel grew into a pretty young lady with very long and thick golden hair. And since the tower had no stairs, Rapunzel could never leave. She would spend her days cooking and cleaning for the witch. Rapunzel was very lonely because there was no one to talk to. She would look out the window and sing songs, with the hope that someone would hear her. Hello! Hello! Will you be my friend? I’d like a friend! A friend, friend, friend! Rapunzel, Rapunzel! Let down your hair! I’d like to use it as a ladder and stair! Rapunzel would let down her hair. And the witch would use it to climb up to the tower. Poor Rapunzel! She spent all her days looking after the mean old witch. Each day the witch would return to the tower to eat her meals and make Rapunzel do her chores. One day, a kind and handsome prince passed by the tower.  He saw Rapunzel singing at the window. Hello! Hello! Will you be my friend? I’d like a friend! A friend, friend, friend! The prince fell in love with Rapunzel immediately. He wanted to call out to her  but he saw the witch coming and hid. He then watched how the witch climbed up. Rapunzel, Rapunzel! Let down your hair! I’d like to use is as a ladder and stair. After the witch left, the prince called out to Rapunzel. Rapunzel, Rapunzel! Let down your hair! I’d like to use is as a ladder and stair. Rapunzel was happy and surprised to see the prince. She let him climb up to the tower. And in no time, the two became good friends. One day, the prince asked Rapunzel to marry him. Rapunzel, will you marry me? If you say “Yes”, I will go home and bring a silken ladder  to take you out of this tower. Yes, my dear prince! Yes!  And so the prince left to bring a ladder. I’ll be be back soon, Rapunzel! I will take you far away from the witch and this tower. Yes, my prince. Please come back soon! The prince and Rapunzel were very happy. But they didn’t know that the witch was watching them. So Rapunzel wants to leave me. And the prince is coming back to take her. I will teach them both a lesson that they will never forget. To teach Rapunzel a lesson,  the witch cut off Rapunzel’s beautiful hair. The witch then cast a spell  and sent Rapunzel to a far away desert. When the prince returned to rescue Rapunzel, Rapunzel, my darling! Please put down your hair so I can climb up. The witch put down Rapunzel’s hair. The prince was expecting to see Rapunzel. But when he climbed into the window, he saw the witch. Hello! The heartless witch then pushed the prince down. Down you go! As the prince fell to the ground,  his face hit a thorny bush  that pricked his eyes and turned him blind. My eyes! I can’t see a thing! Poor Rapunzel was lost in the desert. She was hungry and thirsty, and had nowhere to go. And the prince wandered all over wondering where Rapunzel was. Many months later,  the prince and Rapunzel finally reached the same spot. Hello! Hello! Will you be my friend? I’d like a friend! A friend, friend, friend! Rapunzel! Rapunzel! My darling! Where are you? My dear prince! I am so happy to see you. Rapunzel cried with tears of joy the moment she saw the prince. And the tears that fell from her eyes  went into the prince’s eyes and healed them.  Rapunzel! I can see you, my dear! The prince and Rapunzel returned to the prince’s kingdom where they married and lived happily ever after. text Once upon a time there lived a young couple in a land far far away They did not have any children, but they really wanted to have a baby girl After a short period of time the young lady was expecting a baby One day when she was looking out of the window She saw a beautiful lettuce garden next door from that moment on she could not think of anything else but to eat that lettuce oh I Cannot eat that lettuce The lady lost her appetite and lost an enormous amount of weight Until one day finally her husband got so worried for her you promised his wife that he'd bring her a bunch of lettuce Don't worry, my darling. I will go and get you some lettuce, but she know it's very dangerous The house next door Belonged to a mighty witch and the garden was surrounded by big walls Which no one dared to enter The husband gathered all his strength and climbed the wall entered the garden and picked a handful of lettuce His wife ate the lettuce with great pleasure and felt a little bit better But unfortunately a handful wasn't enough for her The day after her husband went into the garden again, but this time the witch was waiting for him My wife is pregnant and she craves for your letters You could have asked for my permission you know We are all very afraid of you. I didn't think you would allow me forgive me oh You will be punished for this If my wife can't eat the lettuce she will get sick and won't be able to give birth, please Well now how about Adele You take as many lettuces as you want But only in one condition as soon as your baby is born You will give it to me Out of fear her husband immediately accepted the deal After a few months the baby was born soon after the witch came and took the baby away She named the baby of Rapunzel Because the time of lettuce the baby's mother had craved for was named Rapunzel The witch took great care of the girl When Rapunzel turned 16 she became a very beautiful young girl The witch put her in a tall tower and the middle of the woods, but this tower did not have a staircase There was only one small window at the very top The witch had never cut the beautiful girls blonde hair When she came to visit her she ought to call her from below Rapunzel let her long braided golden hair down through the small window and with the help of Rapunzel's hair The witch made it to the top of the tower This went on for many years One day a prince came into the forest to hunt and Heard a beautiful voice singing far away from the woods What a wonderful voice He thought and rode his horse towards the beautiful sound as he arrived to the tower where Rapunzel lives He looked left and then right But saw no stairs or anything else to climb up the tower Mesmerised by the beauty of the voice the prince came to the tower every day, but couldn't figure out how he could climb up One night once again as he was approaching the tower he noticed that witch was waiting below Rapunzel let her long braided golden hair down through the small window and with the help of Rapunzel's hair The witch made it to the top of the tower The next day just after sunset the Prince went to the tower Changing his voice Rapunzel rapunzel let Your golden hair down. It's your mother dear At first seeing somebody else other than her mother for the first time in her life Rapunzel got a little scared you're not my mother. Why did you come here? There is no reason for you to be scared. I heard you sing and fell in love with your voice I just wanted to see whom this voice dismiss belong to Rapunzel really lies what the prince said and was not scared anymore For a while everything went smoothly and the witch did not recognize anything Finally one day the Prince asked Rapunzel to marry him will you marry me? Rapunzel happily accepted this handsome Prince's proposal But Rapunzel did not have any way to climb down this tower. Suddenly. She had a bright idea Prince started to bring a piece of fabric every time he visited the tower Rapunzel was tying these pieces together to make a rope But one day Rapunzel made a big mistake and Accidentally slipped something out of her mouth mother Prince combs my hair faster than you do At that moment the witch realized that there was something fishy and started yelling at her Not being able to handle her rage the witch suddenly cut Rapunzel's beautiful golden hair And then sent her to a desert far far away That night the witch stayed in the tower and waited for the prince to arrive a little while later She heard the prince from down below Rapunzel Rapunzel let your golden hair down. It's me the prince The wish let the hair down she cut from Rapunzel Unaware of what was waiting for him the Prince started to climb When he came up seeing the which instead of Rapunzel he figured that something very bad had happened When the witch started to charge at him the prince stumbled back and fell down from the tower Thanks to the bushes below he managed to stay alive But because of the thorns poking his eyes He could not see any more Blinded prints kept walking around the forest looking for Rapunzel with tears in his eyes he Fed himself plans and wild fruits he found in the forest He walked so far that he finally arrived to the desert where Rapunzel lived and Suddenly something unexpected happened he heard a sweet voice singing He recognized the owner of the voice straightaway, this is the voice of rapunzel He started walking towards the beautiful voice at the same time he was yelling rapunzel rapunzel Rapunzel, Rapunzel also recognized the prince's voice my prince she started running towards him my prince Finally they had found each other Upon seeing him Rapunzel hugged her prince and shed tears of joy Rapunzel's tears with the princes eyes and all of a sudden a miracle happened and The princes eyes opened up he started to see again seeing this Rapunzel was so happy Together they went to the princes Kingdom where people greeted them with joy And they lived happily ever after Once upon a time they lived a king who had twelve beautiful daughters These twelve princesses lived all together in a big beautiful room The king protected his daughters with his heart and when they went to bed at nighttime. He did not allow them to go out But every morning they would wake up to something very strange The shoes of the princesses would all be worn out as if they had danced all night long The King had to buy his daughters new shoes every day But the following days after the shoes just kept wearing out Nenana King noise men in the castle could solve the mystery of the shoes How is this even possible Oh get a pair of shoes worn out like that in just one night Your highness we can't understand Finally the king said Whoever solves the mystery of my daughter's shoes will get to marry whichever daughter of mine he chooses Become my son-in-law And get to be the king when I pass away But he has three days and three nights to solve it otherwise he will spend his life in prison Many young men in the kingdom and even princes from other kingdoms came to the castle for the job For days they guarded the door of the twelve princesses bedroom, but after some time none of them could solve the mystery and shoes Continue to wear out by the night Finally a good-hearted young man, also wanted to give it a shot and so he made his way To the castle on his way. He met a lanky old lady who looked very poor My dear child. I'm very hungry. Would you be kind enough to give me a piece of bread the? Young man gave all the food he had in his bag to the old lady She was very happy because the previous men who had passed didn't give anything The old woman knew that this one was different than the others So in return she gave him a magic. Okay, take this magic cape When you wear it you will be invisible When it strikes 12 o'clock at night put the cape on be invisible and get in their princess's room This way you can solve the mystery of the shoes But be aware do not drink what the princesses give you know those nasty princesses the young man took the magic cape and went to the castle and When he arrived he said that he was there to solve the mystery of the shoes First day when he was keeping guard in front of the princess's room the oldest princess came out with a glass of lemonade He must be thirsty We have prepared some lemonade for you Please have some the young man forgot about the old lady's warning and drank it Soon after he was very sleepy he fell asleep Snoring all night in the room that they had prepared for him When it was morning the young men stood up in a panic I Was supposed to wear the magic cape and get in the princess's room on the second night The young man once again kept guard in front of the princess's room This time another princess came out with a glass of juice in her hand The young man was so thirsty while keeping guard and waiting for the nightfall Without thinking he drank all the Jews that had been given to him and of course dozed off once again The next morning when he woke up you finally remembered the old lady's words But be aware do not dream what the princesses give you? There must be a sleeping pill in the drinks the princesses give me at that moment the king came next to him two days have gone by and you still haven't solved the mystery of the shoes If you cannot do it today You will end up in prison and stay there for the rest of your life the King finished his talk and went away The young man had to solve this mystery today That night for the last time the young man kept guard in front of the princess's door this time the youngest princess came out with an orange shoes in her hand but The young man was aware now. He took the glass Thanking the princess and when the princess left He poured the orange juice in a pot next to him this time round. He was standing tall The night foul and soon it was midnight the young man put his cape on and that that moment became invisible Slowly, he opened the drawing could not believe what he was singing All of the princesses were wearing their most beautiful ball gowns hair and makeup done with their very new shoes Let's see if the young man at the door has fallen asleep one of the princesses opened the door and looked outside and Another princess put her ear on the wall at that moment the young man knew that he had to make some snoring noises The oldest princess pushed her better side and clapped her hands three times a Secret passage opened in the place of the bed the young man could not believe his eyes One by one all the princesses walked inside and Of course the young man followed The secret passage was opening to a stairway, which had hundred of steps going down When they were going down the stairs at one point the young man accidentally stepped on one of the princess's skirts Somebody stepped on my skirt, Oh nonsense. It was probably you When the stairs had finished they came into a forest they went past tall trees with beautiful Silver branches the young man took a branch and kept following the princesses After another long walk they stopped on the edge of a river in the river there were twelve birds in the shape of swans and in them there were twelve princess waiting for the princesses they got on the boats and The young man put on the last one the Baron seems heavier than usual today as if another person is on it strange oh Come on stop dreaming When they across the river they came across a big shiny castle and they could hear music coming from inside When he looked through the window the young man saw many people dancing as Soon as they entered the castle the princesses started to dance. They would never get tired and just kept on dancing Of course their shoes started to wear out The old man could not bear his hunger anymore so he took a slice of cake on the table and started to eat the youngest princess saw this Hey, my cake my king. He's floating as if someone invisible is eating it Come on. Stop it with his nonsense The young man took a golden cup from the table without anyone noticing The princesses danced till the morning Then they got on the boats cross the river Walk through the forest Walked up the very long staircase and finally they came with anchored to their castle, but their shoes were all worn out once again The young man was very happy that he had finally solved the mystery of the worn-out shoes a While later the king came next to the young man our time is up today Did you solve the mystery of the shoes yes your highness I did and so he told him everything The King didn't believe him at first But when the young man showed him the silver branch from the forests and the golden cup from the shining castle the King knew he was telling the truth and So he kept his promise and granted him the right to marry whichever princess he chose The young man said that he wanted to marry the youngest one The twelve dancing princesses were clearly not happy because their secret was out now, but the young man And the youngest princess got married and lived happily ever after You text Rapunzel there was once a couple who longed for a
child and finally they were expecting a baby we're going to have a baby dear now why
you looking so sad I'm not sad I just want to have some of
that lovely lettuce growing in that garden oh no don't you know that the garden belongs to the evil witch I know I know but I just can't get my
mind of the lettuce I'm yearning to have it oh please won't
you get me some the husband could not bear to see his
wife like this so decided to risk getting some lettuce
for her that night he climbed over the wall of the garden next door quickly
plug some lettuce and ran back to get his wife the next day he saw his wife again
standing looking out of the window now what's troubling you my dear did you
enjoy the lettuce I really enjoyed their lettuce darling
but now i just have to have some more My dear wife you know how dangerous it
can be if the witch finds out ask me for anything else and i will get
it for you but the wife could not stop yearning for
the lightest and finally her husband agreed to once again get some for her once again the man climate which is
garden next door but just as he was going to plug the lettuce a booming
voice stopped him how dare you steal a lettuce from my
garden you thief Oh madam I'm so sorry I'm not a thief but my wife is expecting
a baby and was dying to have some of your lovely lettuce that is no excuse for stealing i know i
know and i am really very sorry but I beg you please show some mercy it's only because of my wife's condition
that i came to get the letters hmm well i will let you have the lettuce
and as much as you want but you have to promise me something anything you say matter when your wife
has the baby you have to give it to me what you heard
me and if you do not agree you will pay for
it the husband was so scared that he agreed
to the witches demand when the baby was born the young man and his wife were very
happy however soon the which arrived to take away the baby oh please have pity we have waited so
long for a child don't take away our little daughter your
husband has made a promise and you have to keep it hand over the baby she is mine now I
mean the witch picked up the baby and left
the couple heartbroken she named the little bill Rapunzel as time passed Rapunzel grew up into a very beautiful
girl with long golden hair and the which was now worried rapunzel is growing up into a lovely
young lady I should not let anyone see how someone
might take her away if you might have run away with someone
I have to find a place where no one can get to her I will not let her get away from me the
witch took Rapunzel deep into the woods locked her up in a tall tower and close
the entrance mother why are you locking me here what
will I do here all alone don't you worry your head about that I
will visit you every day and bring you all that you need but mother you have
closed the entrance to the tower so how will you come up when i come i will say rapunzel rapunzel
my dear let down your hair your mother is here so when the witch called out Rapunzel
would let down your long hair and the which would climb up to the tower time passed on me and Rapunzel turned
into a beautiful young lady at 16 she would pass a time singing in a beautiful
voice one day the prince of the land was out
hunting when he happens to pass near the tower where Rapunzel was locked and
heard her singing with a beautiful voice I wonder who's singing in these deep
woods the Prince kept wondering so he came to
the tower where Rapunzel was locked but it could not find any way to get into
the tower he suddenly heard someone coming and
quickly hid behind some bushes soon he saw the witch approaching the
tower she looked up and called out rapunzel rapunzel my dear let down your
hair your mother is here the Prince watched
with amazed eyes as the golden hair came down the witch plumbed up a hot so that is how one can get up the tower the Prince waited till the which came
down after the which had gone and he waited to make sure there was no one
else around and changing his voice called out rapunzel rapunzel my dear let's down
your hair your mother is here yeah yeah mother just left a while ago well she
back soon I better not disobey her she will get
angry immediately rapunzel let down a long shaft of golden
hair the Prince quickly climbed out when i
saw the beautiful Rapunzel he immediately fell in love with her uh-huh who who are you please go away my mother
will be very angry she sees you here do not be afraid pretty lady you're
enchanting voice drew me here and I could not resist finding out who is
singing in such a beautiful voice though at first Rapunzel was scared when she
saw a stranger climb up she too soon fell in love with a
handsome prince Oh tell me my dear wife is your mother
locked you up here in the middle of the woods my mother doesn't want anyone to see me
and take me away from so glad you found me time went on and the prince came to
visit Rapunzel more and more often and they both started loving each other more
and more the Prince now wanted to marry Rapunzel
but he couldn't think of a way to get her out of the tower My dear Rapunzel I cannot wait to make
you my bride when your mother comes shall I ask for
your hand oh no you must never do that if my
mother comes to know you visit me she will do something terrible please
promise me you will never let my mother all right all right I won't let your mother know don't worry I will find a way of getting you out of
here but one day Rapunzel made a big mistake
when the which came to visit her rapunzel rapunzel my dear let down your
hair your mother is here the Prince climbs up in a jiffy but you
take so long and you are so heavy also what prince oh no no no I am and you're horrible gal what have you been up to behind my back
I wanted to protect you from the world but you have backstabbed me I will make you pay for it I will banish
you to the desert no no mother I but the which was very
angry in a fit of fury she cut off Rapunzel's
beautiful hair and sensor off she then waited for the Prince you soon
made his way to the tower rapunzel Rapunzel it's me your prince let down your hair the witch letdown Rapunzel's longer
friends quickly climbed up my darling I am here so you are the one who wants to feel
Rapunzel from me just you wait and see what I duty in
when the Prince saw the which he got so scared that he lost his grip and down
down down he fell he fell on some bushes that his
life was saved for some thorns from the brushes pricked his eyes so badly that
he could not see the dejected Prince didn't know what to do where to find his
beloved Rapunzel he just followed his horse wherever it
led him he survived by eating some fruit and berries growing on the trees oh my darling Rapunzel where are you I will not stop searching until I find
you my love I cannot live without you for a long
time the Prince kept wondering he went over the hills and valleys and
over planes till we finally reached the desert where Rapunzel had been sent by
the wicked witch he was so tired that he sat down to rest
for some time and dosed off after some time he was suddenly awakened by someone
singing beautifully Oh Oh rapunzel Rapunzel oh this beautiful voice can belong to no
other than my rapunzel I can recognize her voice anywhere the
blind Prince started staggering across the desert in the direction of the voice he was so weak that he couldn't even
shout out his beloved's name but even from a distance away Rapunzel recognize the figure of the
Prince making his way to water she couldn't believe our eyes she dashed
over to her prince who collapsed in her arms yeah my speed heart I knew you would finally
find me oh I'm so happy I'm so happy tears of
joy with streaming down Rapunzel's cheeks and suddenly a miracle happened
as a tears fell on the princess eyes they opened and he could see again My Love My dear love I have been looking for you everywhere and if now found you sweet Rapunzel your days of misery are
over your mother will never be able to get you now I cannot believe we are finally together
again is this a dream no sweetheart this is no dream you are really with me and i shall love
and protect you always so saying the Prince picked up Rapunzel
and put her on his horse and they both made their way to his kingdom the king and queen were overjoyed on
seeing their beloved son again and happily accepted Rapunzel as their son's
bride there was feasting and dancing and
merrymaking for many days as the Prince wet his bride and they together let a
happy life and rolled wisely over there text Alright, kids. Have a seat in a chair, or a couch... It's Fairy Tale Time! Once upon a time-- no specific time, just "once"-- There was this girl, who was trapped under a nasty spell by a NASTY witch, Her name was Rapunzel. Anyway... This witch wanted to keep Rapunzel forever and ever and never share her with anyone else because Rapunzel was so sweet and so perfect. So, in addition to keeping her in a MASSIVE tower, the witch cursed her with very, VERY long hair. Hair that grew almost 2 feet every day! And all that hair weighed so much that Rapunzel absolutely couldn't leave! All she could do was hang around and solve jigsaw puzzles... Well... One day a handsome prince came looking for her, and he called out: Rapzunel, Rapunzel! What's up? Um, I could use a little help up here! Throw down your hair, Princess! I will save you! NARRATOR: And so, he climbed up Rapunzel's hair, used some of it to tie up the nasty, NASTY  witch, and then used a bow and arrow to shoot the end of the hair down to a tree to create a zip line, and zip-line the girl to safety! Once they were safe, The Prince gave her a chocolate kiss, which not ONLY broke the spell, AND made her a princess, BUT, Also made her start square dancing. And that, was how Rapunzel was saved. The End. Oh, and the witch. She got stuck in the tower by herself, solving jigsaw puzzles forever. The End! ...For real this time. text And now for a read aloud of Rapunzel! There once lived a man and his wife who, more
than anything in the world, wished to have a baby. Finally, one day they learned that their wish
would come true. Now, at the top of their house, in the very
back, there was a little window. And from this window you could see a garden
full of beautiful flowers and fresh vegetables. But around the garden was a high wall. And no one dared to enter the garden, because
it belonged to a mean witch. One day the wife stood at the little window
and looked down into the witch’s garden. There she saw fine-looking leaves of rapunzel,
which is a kind of lettuce. And it looked so fresh and green that she
felt that she simply must have some. Day after day she longed for it. The more she wanted it, the more she became
pale and sad when she could not have some. Her husband saw her looking so sad and became
worried. “Dear wife, what is the matter?” he asked. “Oh,” she answered, “I feel that I must
eat some of that rapunzel from the garden behind our house.” Her husband loved her very much, and he thought,
“I must get my wife what she desires. I will get some of that rapunzel, no matter
what.” That night he climbed over the wall into the
witch’s garden. He quickly filled a sack with rapunzel and
brought it back to his wife. At once she ate it with delight. But she liked it so much and it tasted so
good that the next day she longed for it twice as much as she had before. So, that night, the husband climbed the wall
again and picked more rapunzel. He turned around to go back, when he saw before
him the angry eyes of the witch. “How dare you climb into my garden, you
thief,” she hissed. “How dare you steal my rapunzel! You will pay dearly for this!” “Oh please,” said the terrified man, “be
merciful. I only did this because I had to. My wife, you see, is having a baby, and she
was looking out the window and saw your rapunzel, and she needed some more than anything else
in the world.” “Well then,” the witch said, “you may
have as much rapunzel as you want—on one condition. When your wife has the child, you must give
it to me. I will take care of the child, like it’s
my very own.” The man was so flustered that he said “yes,”
and then tried not to think any more of it. But later, at the very moment when his wife
gave birth to a lovely baby girl, the witch appeared and reminded him of his promise. She brought the child to live with her. The witch named the baby Rapunzel, and she
grew up to be a beautiful girl. When Rapunzel was twelve years old, the witch
took her deep into the forest. There she locked her in a tower with no steps
and no door, only a small window near the top. Whenever the witch wanted to be let into the
tower, she would cry from the ground below, “Rapunzel! Rapunzel! Let down your hair!” Rapunzel had beautiful, long hair that shone
like gold. When she heard the voice of the witch, she
would open the window and let her hair fall down, down, down to the ground far below. Then the witch would hold onto the hair and
climb up to the tower window A few years passed like this when, one day, the king’s son
was riding through the forest, and he came upon the tower. As he came near, he heard a voice singing
so sweetly that he stood still and listened. It was Rapunzel in her loneliness trying to
pass away the time with sweet songs. The prince wanted to go inside to see her,
so he looked for a door in the tower, but there was none. He rode home, but the song had entered into
his heart, and every day he went into the forest and listened to it. Once, as he was standing nearby behind some
trees, who should come up to the tower but the witch. The prince watched, amazed, as the witch called
out, “Rapunzel! Rapunzel! Let down your hair!” Then he saw how Rapunzel let down her long
hair, and how the witch climbed up it and went into the tower. He thought, “So that is the ladder. Well, then, I too will climb it.” The next day, as dusk fell, he came to the
tower and cried, “Rapunzel! Rapunzel! Let down your hair!” And she let down her hair, and the prince
climbed up. Rapunzel was greatly frightened when she saw
the prince, for she had never seen a man before. But he spoke kindly to her, and told how her
singing had entered his heart, and how he felt he could have no peace until he had seen
her. Then Rapunzel forgot her fear, and when he
asked her to be his wife, she put her hand in his hand and said, “I would gladly go
with you, but I have no way to get out. Do this for me: the next time you come, bring
a bundle of silk. Then bring some more each time you come, and
I will make a ladder of it. When it is finished, I will use it to climb
down from this tower, and then you will carry me away from here on your horse.” They agreed that he would come to her every
evening, since the witch only came in the daytime. So things went on this way until one day Rapunzel,
without thinking, said to the witch, “Why do you climb up so slowly, while it takes
the king’s son only a moment?” “Oh, you wicked child!” screamed the witch. “I thought I had you hidden here from all
the world. But you have betrayed me!” In a rage, the witch grabbed a pair of sharp
scissors and cut off poor Rapunzel’s hair. Then the witch took Rapunzel from the tower
and brought her to live deep in the forest. Later that day, when evening fell, the prince
came and called out, “Rapunzel! Rapunzel! Let down your hair!” The witch lowered the cut-off hair, and the
prince climbed up. But instead of seeing his dear Rapunzel at
the top, he saw the gleaming eyes of the witch. “Aha!” she cried, and laughed at him. “You came for your darling, but the sweet
bird is no longer in its nest and sings no more. You will see her no more!” Filled with horror and sadness, the prince
fell from the tower. The fall did not hurt him badly, but the thorns
on which he fell cut his eyes and blinded him. So, blind and alone, he wandered in the forest
for several years, eating only roots and berries, and weeping over the loss of his dear Rapunzel. At last he came to a place in the forest where
Rapunzel herself was wandering. He heard a sweet voice that he thought he
had heard somewhere before. When he went toward the sound, Rapunzel saw
him, wrapped her arms around his neck and wept. When Rapunzel’s tears touched the prince’s
eyes, he could see again. He was both happy and amazed because he’d
thought he’d never see her again. And so the prince took Rapunzel to his kingdom
to be his bride, where she was welcomed with great joy. They were soon married, and they lived happily
ever after. text Rapunzel story Once upon a time there lived a man in his lovely house with his beautiful wife. They were soon expecting a little bundle of joy In front of their house. There was a very huge mansion splendid Rapunzel herb grew in the mansion's garden But no one dared to go there as this mansion belonged to a sorceress named Gothel One fine morning. The wife was feeling extremely anxious and was unable to eat anything So in order to get some fresh air the wife went towards the balcony Darling look at that, baby Indeed that's an adorable, baby The wife was completely mesmerized by the baby and the little kids playing around Soon her gaze fell on fresh and crisp rapunzel leaves in front of her big mansion Wow those Rapunzel leaves look so fresh and crisp I Wish to have those leaves as salad for dinner tonight When the husband heard his wife's wish he panicked and tried to convince her against her wish My dear wife those Rapunzel leaves belonged to the vile sorceress Gothel it is impossible to go there The husband tried his best to lure his beloved wife with other sweet treats, but the wife was adamant and demanded rapunzel leaves from him Sweetheart, please. Try to understand. Please try to understand I strongly desire those leaves Unable to see his wife's tears loving husband agreed to fulfill her wish Husband approached the sorceress and asked her to lend him some Rapunzel leaves. Oh How headstrong that sorceress was for she denied to give him even a single leaf But the husband was not going to take no for an answer as he knew how his wife craved those Rapunzel leaves so he decided to steal those Rapunzel leaves When it was late in the night the young man sneaked into the mansion and quickly began to pluck those Rapunzel leaves Rapunzel leaves fresh and crisp only for my darling wife Wife made herself a nice salad from Rapunzel leaves and ate it to her heart's content How did you dare come into my garden and steal my Rapunzel evil please Forgive me Gothel my my pregnant wife saw those leaves and she craved for it desperately Listening to the pleading husband Goethals mind began to weave a nasty plan with a wicked smile on her face she said But in one condition you must give me your child No, I can't do that If you do not give me the child then the consequences would be terrible Now threatened by Goethals warning the husband finally agreed to command The moment their baby was born the couple tried to flee the town and escaped from Gokul We need to leave as soon as possible else duffel will snatch our baby from us No, please don't do this Go they'll carefully looked at the baby and decided a name for her. We're cousins all that will be your name Leaves that Took very good care of the baby as if her own Years had passed and the little baby grew to be the most beautiful girl under the care of Gotham Her long hair was as magnificent as spun gold One day when Gotha was brushing Rapunzel's beautiful long hair an old man appeared in their room This old man was a great magician and was in fact Google's master My dear leads it is now time for both of you to come and live in my splendid Tower Davo it is about time that I rest pile bones and relax for a while. So take good care of this tower But I warn you Gothel if you do not take good care of my tower. You will have to face my wrath Master I do not worry, I promise to take good care of your Tower Gothel toad Rapunzel that she needs to go to market Rapunzel couldn't help but wonder how Gotha was planning to get down from his huge Tower Rapunzel the very instant I return I'll shout loud Rapunzel rapunzel let down your hair Immediately you must let down your hair for me to climb back to the tower. Okay? Rapunzel would entertain herself by singing beautiful songs for herself as she spent her time alone in the huge Tower I Wonder who is singing this beautiful song. It looks like the sound is coming from that tower Hiding behind a tree Prince was enjoying Rapunzel's song suddenly. He saw Gothel calling out The next day when Gothel had gone out Rapunzel was engrossed singing a merry tune Definitely. She heard a loud voice Let down your hair As soon as the beautiful tresses cascaded down Prince held onto it and climbed up the tall tower Hey, please do not be scared think of me as your good friend. Your melodious voice is what brought me here Young lady What keeps you in this tall mysterious tower? The tower belongs to a great magician who appointed Gothel as the caretaker of this tower He also warned her that if she won't take good care of the tower. She would have to face his wrath Gothel is not my mother. She snatched me from my parents when I was just a little baby She's been taking care of me and my hair ever since Took care of you, but didn't she snatch you from your real parents? Yes, what the help of my hair she climbs up and down this tower, that's the reason I'm trapped in this tall tower Take my word my lady I Will rescue you from here With a promise to rescue her from the tall tower Prince climbed down with a smile on his face Oh, but little did they know that Gothel had seen the prince sneaking out of the tower You ungrateful child I thought I kept you away from the rest of the world But know you've betrayed me Gothel punished Rapunzel by taking her to a barren desert and abandoned her there so that no one would ever find her Unaware of what had transpired between Gothel and Rapunzel the prince visited the tower and called out Rapunzel rapunzel let down your hair But to his horror prince was greeted by the dangerous sorceress Gothel Hey there, I know you've come for a puzzle, but she does not live here anymore Don't push the prince from the tall tower badly injuring him Yet the brave Prince gathered his soldiers and went looking for Rapunzel The Prince looked for Rapunzel throughout the kingdom in the deserts fields and forests Finally while traveling through the desert he heard the song that Rapunzel would sing all the time The prince and his guards began destroying the tall tower which Gotha was supposed to take care of Goes we'll tried her best to stop the guards from ruining the tower, but it was all in vain The magician appeared there and could not behold his tower getting destroyed boiling with anger the magician punished Gothel and left the place The prince reunited Rapunzel with her parents and they lived happily ever after You text this is the story of Rapunzel a long
time ago in a faraway land a man and a woman lived happily together waiting for
the birth of their first child they lived in a small house with a big garden
behind it but they never dared to go inside the garden because they had heard
a witch lived inside of it and would curse anyone who entered one day the
woman sat by the window looking out at the garden starving for food when she
saw that delicious vegetables and fruits growing inside without any money they
both became desperate for something to eat
the man had no choice but to sneak into the garden and take some food for his
wife so he climbed over the wall and began filling his basket with all the
vegetables as he was placing the last of the tomatoes in his basket he heard an
angry voice call out who said you could take my vegetables shocked and scared he
begged the witch please don't hurt me I'm taking these vegetables for my wife
and future child the witch rubbed her chin and thought child a hmm I will
spare you and even let you eat all the tasty treats in my garden but in return
you must give me your child the man was so terrified that he quickly agreed and
ran back home relieved to be safe not long after their daughter was born
and the very next day the witch kept her promise and took the child from them the
witch named the girl rapunzel Rapunzel grew into the most beautiful girl with
long golden hair as long as a football field but at age 13 the witch trapped
the princess in a tower deep in the forest with no doors or stairs so that
no one could ever take her every morning the witch would visit Rapunzel and say
rapunzel rapunzel let down your hair Rapunzel would let down her hair and
then witch would climb up to visit her Rapunzel hated the witch's visits as she
was so cruel to a mean every day when she was alone
Rapunzel would sing out her window dreaming of a better world many years
later a prince was exploring the forest when he heard the most beautiful singing
he had ever heard he followed the singing all the way to the tower and hid
behind a bush and while Rapunzel was singing he felt instantly in love he
watched as the witch came to call out to Rapunzel and climb the tower after the
witch left the prince called out to Rapunzel at the
bottom of the tower just like he'd seen the witch do rapunzel rapunzel let down
your hair down humbled the long golden hair and up
climbed the prince at first Rapunzel was frightened of the stranger as she had
never seen a man before but she was immediately taken back by how kind and
loving he was compared to the evil witch Rapunzel loved hearing the princess
stories of the outside world how there are vast deep oceans to swim in huge
town squares with hundreds of happy people and the princess castle where she
could explore all day they fell in love immediately and he promised to rescue
her so they could live happily together but they needed a plan to escape the
next day and for many days after when the Prince visited Rapunzel he would
bring her silk so that she could knit and weave a rope to climb down one day
the witch noticed Rapunzel hiding something in the corner and grew
suspicious she discovered the silk rope and became enraged the witch got so
angry that she cut off Rapunzel's beautiful golden hair and cast a spell
that sent her deep into the middle of the forest to live when the prince came
later that day he called out rapunzel rapunzel let down your hair down came
tumbling Rapunzel's long golden hair when the prince reached the top the
witch cried huh the princess has gone forever and you will never find her
shocked the Prince fell landing in a bush of thorns that scratched his eyes
making him blind heartbroken and blind the Prince wandered around the forest
for months calling out rapunzel Rapunzel where are you he didn't know where he
was and he felt like giving up until one day he heard the most beautiful singing
he'd ever heard Rapunzel said you he shouted yes I found you at last she
cried running into his arms and they hugged each other tight happy to finally
be together again she cried tears of joy that fell into
his eyes and cured his blindness together the Prince led them back to his
castle and they lived happily ever after the end wind would catch up sales of chasing
dreams fairy tales push to stop hello oh hello remember to please like the
video and subscribe to our channel so you can stay updated on all new videos text And now for a read aloud of Red Riding Hood
Retold and illustrated by James Marshall A long time ago in a simple cottage beside
the deep, dark woods, there lived a pretty child called Red Riding Hood. She was kind and considerate, and everybody
loved her. One afternoon Red Riding Hood’s mother called
to her. “Granny isn’t feeling up to snuff today.” She said, “so I’ve baked her favorite
custard as a little surprise. Be a good girl and take it to her, will you?” Red Riding Hood was delighted. She loved going to Granny’s —- even though
it meant crossing the deep, dark woods. When the custard was cooled, Red Riding Hood’s
mother wrapped it up and put it in a basket. “Now, whatever you do,” she said, “go
straight to Granny’s, do not tarry, do not speak to any strangers.” “Yes, Mama,” said Red Riding Hood. Before long she was in the deepest part of
the woods, “Oooh,” she said. “This is scary.” Suddenly a large wolf appeared. “Good afternoon, my dear.” He said. “Care to stop for a little chat?” “Oh, gracious me,” said Red Riding Hood. “Mama said not to speak to any strangers.” But the wolf had such charming manners. “And where are you going, sweet thing?” He said. “I’m on my way to visit Granny, who lives
in the pretty yellow house on the other side of the woods,” said Red Riding Hood. “She’s feeling poorly, and I’m taking
her a surprise.” “You don’t say, “ said the wolf. Just then he had a delightful idea. No reason why I can’t eat them both, he
thought. “Allow me to escort you,” he said. “You never know what might be lurking about.” “You’re too kind,” said Red Riding Hood. Beyond the forest they came to a patch of
sunflowers. “Why not pick a few?” Suggested the wolf. “Grannies love flowers, you know.” But while Red Riding Hood was picking a pretty
bouquet, the clever wolf hurried on ahead to Granny’s house. “Who is it?” Called out Granny. “It is I, your delicious — er— darling
grand daughter.” Said the wolf in a high pitched voice. “The door is unlocked.” Said Granny. “Surprise!” Cried the wolf. Granny was furious at having her reading interrupted. “Get out of here, you horrid thing!” She cried. But the wolf gobbled her right up. He didn’t even bother to chew. “Tasty,” he said, patting his belly, “so
tasty.” Just then he heard footsteps on the garden
path. “Here comes dessert!” And losing no time, he put on Granny’s cap
and glasses, jumped into bed, and pulled up the covers. “Who is it?” He called out in his sweetest granny voice. “It is I, your little granddaughter.” Said Red Riding Hood. “The door is unlocked.” Said the wolf. Red Riding Hood was distressed at seeing her
grandmother so changed. “Why, Granny,” she said, “what big eyes
you have.” “The better to see you, my dear,” said
the wolf. “And Granny, what long arms you have.” “The better to hug you, my dear,” said
the wolf. “And Granny, what big teeth you have.” “THE BETTER TO EAT YOU, MY DEAR!” Cried
the wolf. And he gobbled her right up. “I’m so wicked,” he said, “So wicked.” But really he was enormously pleased with
himself. And having enjoyed such a heavy meal, he was
soon snoring away. A hunter passing by was alarmed by the frightful
racket. “That doesn’t sound like Granny!” He said. And so the brave hunter jumped in the window,
killed the sleeping wolf, and cut him open. Out jumped Granny and Red Riding Hood. “We’re ever so grateful,” said Red Riding
Hood. “That wicked wolf won’t trouble you again,”
said the hunter. “It was so dark in there I couldn’t read
a word,” said Granny. Red Riding Hood promised never, ever to speak
to another stranger, charming manners or not. And she never did. The End. That was Red Riding Hood. Retold and Illustrated by James Marshall text Hey Tia What are you doing? I am meeting the new school principal tomorrow. So just putting my things in order. awww... You want to impress him, is it? I’m not sure about that, but I don’t want to disappoint him either. Maybe you should tell him that you are the best in the class. And also tell him that you are a champion swimmer and always come first in all the sports activities! And that you always win all the debates and elocutions. Tofu! I can’t do that!  Not all of that is true. Yes, but most of it is. Oh, boy! You’re acting like the miller! The miller?  Who is that? come let me tell you a story Once upon a time, the king called the village miller to the court. The miller went there with a mind to impress the king by any means possible. And so when he was presented in front of the king he lied that his daughter, who was an excellent spinner could spin gold from straw! Oh, that’s impressive! I order you to bring her to the castle tomorrow and she will spin gold for me. The miller goes back home and tells his daughter what he done. Oh, no! What have you done, father? I cannot spin gold! I don’t think anyone can! I know! And I am sorry, my child. But there is no way out of it now. You must go to the court tomorrow and spin the best you can. Yes, father. And so the girl went to the court the next day. Your father tells me that you can spin gold out of straw. In that room there is bale of straw. I give you till tomorrow morning. You must spin it into gold by then or you will lose your life. The miller’s daughter had no choice but to do as told. she went into the room and locked herself in. As the night wore on, she didn’t know what to do. There was no way she could spin gold! Afraid that her father’s lie would get her punished by the king she started crying. Just then a strange little man appeared in the room. I know what bothers you. do You? Yes, and I can help you. I can spin the straw into gold for you Oh  Oh please do it then! I beg of you! What will you give me in return? I can give you this necklace of mine. Okay. I will spin for you. And so the little man got to the spinning wheel and started spinning. Within an hour he had converted all the straw into gold. He then took the necklace from the miller’s daughter and went out of the window. The next morning, the king came into the room. Is my gold ready? Yes, your majesty. Very good! Now I have another test for you. The castle’s barn is full of straw. You will spin all that straw into gold till tomorrow morning. The miller’s daughter was taken to the barn. Once alone she was again surrounded by worries. She didn’t know what to do.  Soon it was night. Afraid of the king’s reaction, she started crying. You’ve got a barn full of straw for yourself today. The girl looked up to see the strange man from the night before. Yes, and the king needs it to be spun into gold by tomorrow morning. Hmm…what will you give me in exchange for it now? I don't have much but I can I can give you this ring off my finger. The man took the ring from her and started spinning the straw into gold. The next morning when the king saw the shining gold his greed increased. Very well. The castle has yet another barn  bigger than this one. If you value your life you will spin all the straw in it into gold by tomorrow morning. If you succeed I will marry you. and make you the Queen If you fail… off with your head I’ll have. Once again the king had left, the girl was taken into another barn. It was bigger than any room the girl had ever seen And so full of straws! She broke down as soon as the king’s men had left. She knew she was surely doomed now. When night fell, the little man appeared again. Need my help again, is it? Yes, please! Please spin this straw into gold! and save me Well, I could do that. But what will you give me now? I have nothing left to give you now. You could give it to me when you have it… Yes, I will. Tell me, what can I give you? Your firstborn child. The girl gasped! But thought who knows what may happen in the future. It was wiser to save her present.  So she agreed. Okay, I will give you my firstborn child. The strange man happily got to spinning the straw. When the king came in the next morning the whole barn was full of glistening gold. Happy, he announced his marriage with the miller’s daughter. Soon a year passed and the new queen gave birth to a baby boy. The boy was only a day old  when the strange little man appeared in her room once again It is time to settle your debt. The boy is mine. Oh, no! Can’t you forget this debt? Never! Please!  There has to be some way! I will give you gold, fortunes! whatever you want I only want the boy! But I will give you three days to guess my name. If at the end of the third day you can guess it right I will leave you and this boy alone. If you can’t the boy will be mine! As soon as the man had left her room the queen called her trusted soldier and ordered him to gather every name he can find in the kingdom. The soldier set on his mission immediately. The next evening he came and gave the queen a list of names. When night fell, the little man visited the queen again. Do you know my name? Is it James or Jack well is it Richard…? or Kenie? she continued with all the name she knew and the names that the  soldier had brought back from the village. No, no, no! thease are not my names But the little man said no to every name. That is not my name. I leave you now with two days left to find what it is. The queen sent her man out yet again… to go to the farthest corners of the kingdom. Till then she read all the books she could find hoping that one of them might give her the man’s name. The next night when the man came back she gave him the names her soldier had brought back and the once she had collected from the books. Is your name Casper Sheepshanks? Tomein? None of them. I leave you again. I will come back tomorrow to take away the boy because you won’t be able to guess my name. Once again the queen implored the soldier to go out in the kingdom and find her a name. The next evening before the little man would come the soldier returned to the queen. with some news My lady, alas! I could not find any new names in the kingdom and its neighbours. However last night after I left the castle I came upon a clearing in the forest where I saw a strange little man dance around the fire. He sang a strange song too She can search the land She can search the sky But a name like mine She will never come by! Rumpelstiltskin…that’s meeeee! The moment the queen heard the name she knew it was the one! She happily waited for the strange man to come visit her. Have you found my name yet? Oh no…. I can only wonder what it can be… is it Appletree Myrehill  or maybe Rumpelstiltskin…. How can that be! This is some sort of sorcery! How did you know my name! The moment the strange man heard his name he became very angry! He shouted and stomped around the room. In his anger he stomped so hard that there became a big hole in the ground and he fell into it, towards his death I wonder if the queen ever told her father about all this! We will never know. But we do know that trying to impress people may get us into big trouble. Oh yes! That lesson I’ve learned today And I don’t think I will ever forget it! thanks, Tia for this wonderful story text Rumplestiltskin it's in a faraway land
there was a beautiful boy by which ran a stream and close to the stream was a
mill the owner of the mail live nearby with his beautiful and clever daughter Oh daughter I am so tired of leading a
poor man's life I wish we could also be rich and have
every comfort in the world just in the king of the country came passing by on a
hunting trip the King has come to our woods I can't believe it I have to try and
meet him yes this is a fine opportunity for me to
impress the king yeah the Miller is y to the king was down
before the king the Miller said Your Majesty I am indeed
honored to meet you won't you please come this way i would like you to meet
my beautiful and talented daughter really what special talents does your
daughter have that I would want to meet her her oh yes your majesty my daughter can
spin gold from straw now the king was a very wealthy man but
he was also greedy and the thought of making gold from straw obviously tempted
him really this I have to see bring your daughter to the palace this
evening the Miller went home to tell his daughter that the King wanted them to
present themselves to the palace that evening and both of them soon left for
the palace arriving at the palace the known and his daughter were quickly
ushered into meet the key the king was pleased to meet the miller
and his daughter and said your daughter is indeed beautiful and
now we will see how she spin straw into gold so saying the King led the daughter to a
room in the palace where there was a spinning wheel and a large pile of straw
now set to work and show us your talent all this strong must be spun into gold
by morning if you love your life the daughter tried to plead with the
king that it was just an empty boast that her father had made but all in vain
as the king did not listen and lock the room and went away oh my fate what does my father done how am I going to do this impossible
task just then a fun with old man hobbled into the room now pretty lass why do you weep so no sir I must spin
all the straw into gold by morning or the king will kill me I just don't know what to do hmm if I spin this straw into gold what will you give me can you really
help me something oh I will be so grateful let me see here i will give you my
necklace ok Lassie now stop crying and go sit
down and let me work the funny old man set himself at the spinning wheel were
were spinning wheel do as you are told all the straw in this
room spin into fine gold what an amazing sight wise as the
miller's daughter watched and surprise the power of strong was so turned into
gold the old man kinda and turn to leave home I don't know how to thank you sir I
don't know what I would have done without your help here is my necklace and didn't break the team came into the
room and lo and behold the sight that met his eyes make them glitter and shine I can't believe what I'm seeing now i
know you are truly talented however the Kings green became even more
and he planned to have miller's daughter spent even more gold next day tonight my idea you will again spin all
the straw in the room to gold before sunrise I am sure you can do it once more the
miller's daughter again sat down in this may not knowing what to do when the same
old funny man appeared again haha so you have to spend more gold tonight I
see Elsa please help me again and what will I get in return so I only have this ring left i will
gladly give it to you if you help me all right I shall help you again in return for the
ring and so the old man sat down again at the spinning wheel were spinning
wheel do as you are told all the straw in this
room spin into fine gold once again all the straw turned into
gold and the old man picked up the rain and left yeah the next morning when the King entered
the room and saw the gold he thought to himself she may be just a miller's daughter but
she is beautiful and can give me all the gold that I desire the King walked up to
the miller's daughter held her hands and told her my dear I am very impressed
with your beauty and talent tonight's you will be given even more
straw to spin and if you can turn it into gold again you shall be my queen so once again that night the miller's
daughter was locked in a room filled with straw soon the old man came visiting again
another room full of straw to spin so what are you going to give me today
to spin this into gold house am I have nothing more to give you but the king is said that if I spin all
this straw into gold tonight he will make nice queen then i can give you all that you desire
the old man kept thinking for some time and finally told the miller's daughter I have no desire for any wealth but you must promise me that you will
give me your first born child the miller's daughter looked at the old
man in amazement but she was so desperate and to know what else to do so she made the promise to the old man
he again said at the spinning wheel were spinning wheel do as you are told all the straw in this
room spin into fine gold yeah next morning the King entered the room
in his eyes shone when he saw all the gold my dear as i said i will now marry you and make
you my queen let there be rejoicing in the kingdom to
welcome the new queen the king and queen lived happily for
many years and we're blessed with a baby boy however by now the Queen had forgotten
her promise to the funny old man who had helped her until he came to visit her
one day when she was playing with her precious child I hope you remember me and I promise you
made to me o Queen the Queen was shocked and
dismayed on seeing the old man and could not even think of parting with her
bundle of joy and cried and begged before the old man sir please do not be so cruel do not take away my baby for me i will
give you anything you want gold precious stones land I have no use for these things I beg you sir please take pity on me my baby is so small the Queen's tears
finally move the old man and he said to her oh well where I give you three days need in these three days you guess my
name can you all baby the fear of losing her child
kept the Queen awake all night and she wrote down all the strange names that
she had ever heard of the next day the old man came and asked her his name is your name Benjamin Timothy
Jeremy the queen set all the names that she could think of but the old man said
that was not his name you have tried but what my name is a
guest you could not make you have two days more than your baby i
will take so saying the old man went away I have to somehow guess what the old
man's name is the cameras even think of giving my baby away Oh what shall I do the next day the
Queen dispatched messengers across the kingdom to find out all the possible
strange names however when the old man came though she
repeated all the names the messengers had given her she could not guess the
old man's name she was now extremely worried and
desperate she once again sent the messengers and told them to visit the
most remote corners of the kingdom to find any strange names they could the
messengers came back with no new names but one messenger told the Queen that he
wished to have work with her Your Majesty I could not find any new
names but I saw strange sight today as I was climbing down a hill I entered the forest and amongst the
tall trees was a small cottage there was a fire burning outside and a strange
figure dancing around it and see today I boot tomorrow I think and after
that the child I'll take never can the Queen guess that
Rumpelstiltskin is my name the Queen was overjoyed and rewarded the
messenger with gold and precious jewels huh now I'll see how he will take my baby
the funny old man the next day all the courtiers gather
around the Queen where she sat on her throne and the new stood beside her with
a baby in her arms when the old man arrived oh so i have
been thinking and thinking of what your name could be is at home is it Demi the Queen kept on saying
names and each time the old man kept shaking his head his small growing wider
and wider I can't think of any more names wait a
minute could you name be Rumple stilt skin the
old man was outraged on hearing this you could not have guessed my name some
which has told you some which has told you so angry was he that he stamped his
right foot with so much force that has sank into the floor he forcefully pulled it out with both
hands and made his way out limits the during of all the courtiers the Queen
was finally relieved and like tapping or after with the King and her baby text Rumpelstiltskin In a far away land, there was a beautiful wood by which ran a stream, and close to the stream was a mill. The owner of the mill lived nearby with his beautiful and clever daughter. Oh, daughter, I am so tired of leading a poor man’s life. I wish we could also be rich and have every comfort in the world. Just then, the king of the country came passing by on a hunting trip. The King has come to our woods, I can’t believe it! I have to try and meet him. Yes! This is a fine opportunity for me to impress the king. The miller made his way to where the king was. Bowing before the king, the miller said Your Majesty! I am indeed honoured to meet you. Won’t you please come this way? I would like you to meet my beautiful and talented daughter. Really? What special talent does your daughter have that I would want to meet her? Er, oh yes! Your Majesty, my daughter can spin gold from straw. Now the king was a very wealthy man, but he was also greedy, and the thought of making gold from straw obviously tempted him. Really! This I have to see. Bring your daughter to the palace this evening. The miller went home to tell his daughter
that the king wanted them to present themselves to the palace that evening, and both of them soon left for the palace. Arriving at the palace, the miller and his daughter were quickly ushered in to meet the king. The king was pleased to meet the miller and his daughter and said…. Hmm, your daughter is indeed beautiful, and now we will see how she spins straw into gold. So saying, the king led the daughter to a room in the palace where there was a spinning wheel and a large pile of straw. Now set to work and show us your talent. All this straw must be spun into gold by morning if you love your life. The daughter tried to plead with the king  that it was just an empty boast that her father had made, but all in vain, as the king did not listen, and locked the room and went away. Oh, woe my fate! What has my father done? How am I going to do this impossible task? Just them, a funny looking old man hobbled into the room. Now, pretty lass, why do you weep so? Oh, sir. I must spin all this straw into gold by morning, or the king will kill me. I just don’t know what to do. Hmm... If I spin this straw into gold, what will you give me? Can you really help me sir? Oh, I will be so grateful. Let me see… here, I will give you my necklace. Okay lassie. Now stop crying and go sit down and let me work. The funny old man sat himself at the spinning wheel. Whirr, whirr, spinning wheel, Do as you are told All the straw in this room Spin into fine gold. What an amazing sight it was! As the miller’s daughter watched in surprise, the pile of straw was soon turned into gold. The old man got up and turned to leave. Oh! I don’t know how to thank you sir. I don’t know what I would have done without your help. Here is my necklace. At daybreak, the king came into the room, and lo and behold! The sight that met his eyes made them glitter and shine. I can’t believe what I am seeing! Now I know you are truly talented. However, the king’s greed became even more, and he planned to have the miller’s daughter spin even more gold the next day. Tonight, my dear, you will again spin all the straw in the room to gold before sunrise. I am sure you can do it once more. The miller’s daughter again sat down in dismay, not knowing what to do, when the same old funny man appeared again. Ah ha! So you have to spin more gold tonight I see. Oh sir, please help me again. And what will I get in return? Sir, I have only this ring left. I will gladly give it to you if you help me. Alright, I shall help you again in return for the ring. And so the old man sat down again at the spinning wheel. Whirr, whirr, spinning wheel, Do as you are told All the straw in this room spin into fine gold. Once again, all the straw turned into gold, and the old man picked up the ring and left. The next morning when the king entered the room and saw the gold, he thought to himself. She may be just a miller’s daughter, but she is beautiful and can give me all the gold that I desire. The king walked up to the miller’s daughter, held her hands and told My dear, I am very impressed with your beauty and talent. Tonight you will be given even more straw to spin, and if you can turn it into gold again, you shall be my queen. So once again that night, the miller’s daughter was locked in a room filled with straw. Soon the old man came visiting again. Another roomful of straw to spin. So what are you going to give me today to spin this into gold? Oh sir, I have nothing more to give you, but the king has said that if I spin all this straw into gold tonight, he will make me his queen, then I can give you all that you desire. The old man kept thinking for some time, and finally told the miller’s daughter. I have no desire for any wealth, but you must promise me that you will give me your first born child. The miller’s daughter looked at the old man in amazement, but she was so desperate and didn’t know what else to do, so she made the promise to the old man. He again sat at the spinning wheel. Whirr, whirr, spinning wheel, Do as you are told All the straw in this room spin into fine gold. Next morning, the king entered the room and his eyes shone when he saw all the gold. My dear, as I said, I will now marry you and make you my queen. Let there be rejoicing in the kingdom to welcome the new queen! The king and queen lived happily for many years, and were blessed with a baby boy. However, by now the queen had forgotten her promise to the funny old man who had helped until he came to visit her one day when she was playing with her precious child. I hope you remember me and the promise you made to me, oh queen? The queen was shocked and dismayed on seeing the old man and could not even think of parting with her bundle of joy, and cried and begged before the old man. Oh sir! Please do not be so cruel, do not take away my baby from me. I will give you anything you want, gold, precious stones, land….. I have no use for these things. I beg you sir, please take pity on me. My baby is so small…. The queen’s tears finally moved the old man, and he said to her. Oh well well. I give you three days, and if in these three days you guess my name, you can keep your baby The fear of losing her child kept the queen awake all night, and she wrote down all the strange names that she had ever heard of. The next day, the old man came and asked her his name. Is your name Benjamin? Timothy? Jeremy? The queen said all the names that she could think of, but the old man said that was not his name. You have tried But what my name is, a guess you could not make. You have two days more, then your baby I will take. So saying, the old man went away. I have to somehow guess what the old man’s name is, I cannot even think of giving my baby away. Oh, what shall I do? The next day, the queen dispatched messengers across the kingdom to find out all the possible strange names. However, when the old man came, though she repeated all the names the messengers had given her, she could not guess the old man’s name. She was now extremely worried and desperate. She once again sent the messengers and told them to visit the most remote corners of the kingdom to find any strange names they could. The messengers came back with no new names, but one messenger told the queen that he wished to have a word with her. Your majesty, I could not find any new names, but I saw a strange sight today. As I was climbing down a hill, I entered a forest, and among the tall trees  was a small cottage. There was a fire burning outside and a strange figure dancing around it and singing, Today I brew, tomorrow I bake, And after that the child I'll take. Never can the queen guess, That Rumpelstiltskin is my name". The queen was overjoyed and rewarded the messenger with gold and precious jewels. Ah, now I’ll see how he will take my baby, the funny old man. The next day, all the courtiers gathered around the queen where she sat on her throne, and the nurse stood beside her with the baby in her arms, when the old man arrived. Oh, sir, I have been thinking and thinking of what your name could be. Is it Tom? Is it Jemmy? The queen kept on saying names, and each time the old man kept shaking his head, his smile growing wider and wider. I can’t think of any more names. Wait a minute, could your name be Rumpelstiltskin? The old man was outraged on hearing this. You could not have guessed my name, some witch has told you, some witch has told you! So angry was he that he stamped his right foot with so much force that it sank into the floor. He forcefully pulled it out with both hands, and made his way out amidst the jeering of all the courtiers. The queen was finally relieved and lived happily ever after with the king and her baby. text Welcome to Little Cozy Nook Once upon a time, there was a poor miller
who had a beautiful daughter. She was so beautiful and clever that he could
not help boasting about her. One day, the miller happened to come before
the king, and to impress the king, he began boasting about his daughter. And before he knew it, he found himself saying
that his daughter was so amazing and so wonderful, why, she could even spin gold out of straw! “That,” said the king, “is a talent
worth having. Bring your daughter to me, and let us see
what she can do.” When the girl was brought to the palace, the
king led her to a room that was almost full of straw. He pointed to a spinning wheel and said, “Get
to work. You must spin this straw into gold by early
morning . . . or else!” The poor miller’s daughter. Of course she could not spin straw into gold! What could she do? She could think of nothing, and in the end
she sat down and began to cry. And that’s when, all of a sudden, ka-lick,
the door opened, and in walked a little man. “Good evening, miller’s daughter,” he
said. “Why are you crying?” “Because,” she answered, “I must spin
all this straw into gold before morning, and I don’t know how.” 4 Then the little man came close to her and
whispered, “What will you give me if I spin it for you?” “Why, I, I’ll give you my necklace,”
she stammered. The little man took the necklace, stood at
the spinning wheel, and whirr, whirr, whirr, he spun and he spun, and by sunup all the
straw had been spun into gold. When the king arrived at sunrise, he was amazed. But the sight of all that gold made the greed
for more grow in him. 5 So the king took the miller’s daughter
to a larger room, filled with yet more straw, and told her that
she must spin all this into gold in one night. Again the girl did not know what to do and
sat down to cry, when, ka-lick, the door opened and in walked the little man. “Crying again, I see,” he said. “So, I suppose you have to spin all this
into gold, too. What will you give me if I do it for you?” “The ring from my finger,” answered the
girl. So the little man took the ring, stood at
the spinning wheel, and whirr, whirr, whir, he spun and he spun, and by sunup all the
straw had been spun into gold. When the king arrived, he was overjoyed at
the sight, but hungry for still more gold. So he took the miller’s daughter to an even
larger room filled with straw and said, “Spin all this in one night, and if you succeed—well
then, you shall be my wife.” The king had hardly left the room when, ka-lick,
the door opened and in came the little man asking, “What will you give me if I spin
all this straw for you one more time?” “I have nothing left to give,” the girl
answered sadly. “Then promise me this,” said the little
man. “Promise me that when you are queen, you
will give me your first child.” The miller’s daughter thought there was
really very little chance that she would ever be queen, and so she promised, and the little
man set to work at once. 7 By morning the gold was piled so high that
it reached the ceiling. When the king arrived, he was pleased to see
all the gold he wanted. He married the miller’s daughter and made
her queen. In a year’s time the king and queen had
a fine little baby. She thought no more about the little man or
her promise to him. Then one day, as she sat alone in her room
rocking her baby, ka-lick, the door opened, and in walked the little man who said, “Now
it is time for you to give me what you promised me.” The queen, filled with fear, held her baby
tightly. “Please,” she said, “I will give you
all the riches of the kingdom, only leave me my child.” But the little man said, “No, I would rather
have a living being than all the treasures in the world.” Then the queen began to weep and wail, and
the little man felt pity for her. “Okay, okay, I will give you this one chance,”
he said. “In three days, if you can guess my name,
then you may keep your child.” And then he was gone as quickly as he had
come. The queen lay awake all night thinking of
all the names she had ever heard. She sent a messenger to ride through the land
and collect all the names that could be found. And when the little man came the next day,
she tried all that she had been able to think of: Alexander, Balthazar, Casper, Doolittle,
Eggleston, Ferdinand, and many more. But after each, the little man only said,
“That is not my name.” The next day the queen sent servants all around
the kingdom to find the most unusual names, and when the little man came, she tried them. “Are you called Sheepshanks? Roast-Ribs? Snickerdoodle? Groucho? Winklehopper?” But after each, the little man only said,
“That is not my name.” On the third and last day, the queen was worried
sick. She held her child tight and wondered what
to do, when ka-lick, the door opened and in walked—no, not the little man, but the messenger
the queen had sent in search of names. He bowed to the queen and said, “My lady,
as I passed through the woods last night, I came to a high hill, and near it was a little
house, and outside the house a fire was burning, and around the fire danced a funny little
man, and as he hopped up and down he sang: “Today I brew, tomorrow I bake, And then
the fair queen’s child I’ll take. And no one can deny my claim, For Rumpelstiltskin
is my name.” The messenger left, and almost as soon as
he had gone the little man arrived. The queen greeted him by asking, “Is your
name Jack?” “That is not my name.” “Then are you called Harry?” “That is not my name.” “Then perhaps,” said the queen, “your
name is—Rumpelstiltskin!” “No! No! Who told you that?” cried the little man. And in his anger, he stamped with his right
foot so hard that it went into the ground right up to his waist. Then he stamped his other foot, and he went
deep into the ground way over his head. And the queen and her child never feared him
again. text Tia, I think we will take long to reach  can you please tell me some interesting story ? Why not Tofu let me tell you a story about a princess and a bad fairy A long time ago there lived a King and The Queen they wished for a child for a very long time After a long long wait their wish came true a beautiful girl was born to the king and queen The king announce to his people  “We are blessed with a baby princess and her name is sunshine” “Hurray!”said the people. As the baby girl turned one celebrations begin all around A big party had to be planned.  “We must invite all the fairies.” Yes! We must call them all  but not the Black fairy. She is mean! She is bad! The party was lots of fun!  The baby princess looked lovely All fairies brought with them some precious gifts and blessed the little princess  to be a clever and kind girl Suddenly the castle was filled with blue smoke and nobody could see anything as soon as the blue smoke settled king and queen were shocked to see the Black Fairy She saw that a beautiful celebration was organized  and everyone from the kingdom was invited for the feast including all fairies She become very angry for not being invited  and that's why, She cursed the baby princess On your 16th B'day before the sun sets you’ll prick on a spindle and die. She screamed in anger and vanished. Everybody was shocked Suddenly a young fairy who had not yet given her blessings to the little princess said “I can't take away the Black fairy's curse but I'll definatly try to help When the princess pricks herself she won't die. Instead  she’ll go into a deep sleep  and shall only awaken  with a kiss from a prince who loves her After this, the king ordered to destroy all spindles and needles from the kingdom Soon, there were no sharp things in the castle.  Except for one, they didn’t check in the tower. As years passed by, the baby grew under supervision of fairies and turned out to be a very beautiful young girl When she turned 16, while roaming in the castle one day she saw a magical light ball  and followed the light ball  which took her to the top of the tower in the castle Inside, there was an old woman, bent over a spinning wheel.  “Come here! You must try spinning this wheel.” Oh! What is this? Please let me do it as well. I have never tried this. But the minute she touched the needle of the spindle she fell to the ground Black fairy’s curse had come true Old woman who was actually the black fairy laughed and laughed  and then disappeared The king who remembered the words of last fairy  made her daughter the princess to lye in a room for many years to come Fairies saw the princess sleeping  and everyone thought that she was  extremely beautiful They all said at once “Sleeping Beauty”  soon this name became popular in town and everyone started to mention princess  as the sleeping beauty The whole kingdom was sad  fairies noticed this and decided  Let the whole kingdom fall asleep so when the Princess wakes up by her prince she wouldn’t be alone Everyone in the kingdom fell asleep The king The Queen the servants, solders, everyone in town fell asleep Even all the animals fell asleep Everything in the kingdom stopped Soon, a thick forest grew around the castle and hid it About hundreds of years later a handsome prince was riding through the forest He saw the strange looking castle The accompanying solders told the Prince that this is the castle of the "Sleeping Beauty" He had heared stories of sleeping beauty and started to explore it He was surprised to see everybody in the castle sleeping when he entered more he saw even the King and queen were sleeping He looked around and saw one big pink door He tried to open the door but it was difficult to open as it was closed for so many years After trying hard he managed to open the door and to his surprise he found sleeping beauty lying on a beautiful bed in that room   the moment he saw her he just fell in love with her I really want to know who this beautiful girl is She looks so so gentle and peaceful   he said He leaned down and kissed her Instantly, the kiss lifted the spell and the princess woke up The king, queen and all the people  and animals in the kingdom were awake again The kingdom was full of joy  and there was celebrations all around The prince and the princess soon got married and lived happily ever after Wow, it means no matter  if bad people think bad for you  there are always some well wishers to help you out.  text SLEEPING BEAUTY There was once a kind and wise king who ruled over a large kingdom. The only thing that the king and queen were
sad about was that they had no child, but finally their prayers were answered, and they
were blessed with a beautiful baby daughter. I am so happy today. The little princess is so beautiful, I couldn’t
have asked for anything more. We must celebrate. We shall have a grand ball and invite everyone
in the kingdom. I would like everyone to come and bless my
lovely child. The king instructed his men to arrange for
the celebrations and invite everyone to come and bless the princess. All the fairies were invitied also, but the
king’s men forgot to invite one fairy who lived deep in the woods, and who was known
to be mean and wicked. At the ball, all the fairies came up to bless
the little princess. I bless the princess with beauty. I bless the princess with wisdom and a kind
heart. Suddenly, the mean fairy went up to the queen. You did not invite me to the ball, and you
shall pay for it. Everyone else has blessed the princess, but
I will put a curse on her. When she is 16, she will prick her finger
on a spindle and fall dead! Oh no, no, no, no. I am so sorry that you were not invited. Please, please do forgive us. We have been blessed with a child after so
many years, do not take away our happiness. Please take your curse back, I beg of you. I said you shall pay, and so you shall. Ha ha ha ha ha!! So saying, the evil fairy left the ball, leaving
everyone shocked. Oh, how could she? She does not deserve to be called a fairy. She is just an evil witch I say. I don’t think I will be able to bear this. My dear fairies, isn’t there anything you
can do to break this curse? All the fairies got together to see what they
could do. After their discussion, they approached the
queen. Your Majesty, it is not possible for us to
break the curse of the evil fairy, but what we can do is make sure that the sweet princess
will not die, but fall into a deep sleep for 100 years. Then, the kiss of a young prince will awaken
her. But by then we shall all be dead! And when she awakens, she will not recognize
anyone! Oh! How will we enjoy seeing our daughter grow? Once again the fairies put their heads together
to find a solution, and after discussing for sometime, they went back to the queen. Your Majesty, we have thought about this. When the princess falls into a sleep, everyone
in the palace will also fall asleep, and when she awakens, the whole palace will awaken
with her. This way, she will know everyone. There was nothing more anyone could do, and
everyone was very sad. Listen everyone, first thing tomorrow morning,
go out and destroy all the spindles in the kingdom. Not a single spindle should be left. The king’s men set out the next morning
and broke and burned every spindle they could find. However, they did not see an old spindle lying
in a small dusty room in the palace itself. Years passed. The princess grew up to be a beautiful and
kind young lady. Everyone in the palace loved here. She spent her days roaming around the palace
and in the beautiful gardens outside. And then, the princess turned 16. People came from far and away to wish her. I am so overjoyed to see our daughter grow
up to be such a gracious and charming young lady. But now the curse of the evil fairy is coming
back to haunt me. Let us not worry my dear. I have done my best to ensure that all the
spindles in the kingdom have been destroyed. If there is no spindle, the princess will
not be able to prick her finger on it. I know, I know, but the face of that evil
fairy and her horrible curse just won’t leave me in peace. The princess spent the entire morning meeting
all the people who had come to wish her on her 16th birthday, and then went to her room
to rest. In the evening, she decided to be by herself
and explore some parts of the large palace that she had not seen. I never realized the palace was so huge. I don’t remember ever seeing these rooms
before. Oh, what is this? It seems to be some sort of tunnel. I wonder where it leads to. The princess was very curious, and started
to go along the tunnel, which led to a dusty room full of old things. I never knew there was a room full of such
old things in the palace. Oh, there seems to be a light coming from
the far corner and some funny sound. I wonder what it could be. The princess made her way to where she could
see the light and hear the sound. When she went near, she was surprised to see
an old woman sitting and working with some yarn on some kind of rod. The princess did not know that that was a
spindle, as her father had instructed that all the spindles in the kingdom be destroyed. And alas! The old woman sitting there was none other
than the horrible fairy who had cursed the princess! She had somehow entered the palace, and with
a spell, she had made the princess follow the path to the old and dusty room. Hello, I don’t think I have seen you before
in the palace. What are you doing? I am spinning yarn, can’t you see? Oh, I’m so sorry, but I have never seen
anything like this before. Hmm. Would you like to try it? It is not very difficult, you know. The poor princess had no idea about the evil
plan of the wicked fairy, and eagerly agreed to try her hand at the spindle. And, as the witch had cursed when she had
been born, she pricked her finger, and immediately fell into a deep slumber. Ha ha ha ha ha! Ha ha ha ha ha! I had told the queen she would pay for not
inviting me to her grand ball, and I have now taken revenge for my humiliation. Ha ha ha ha ha! I will take her precious daughter’s body
and show her. Ha ha ha ha ha! The evil fairy carried the princess to the
main part of the palace to show the queen how she had taken her revenge for her insult. But what a strange sight met her eyes! Time had come to a total standstill, and everyone
in the palace seemed to have just frozen in whatever act they were performing. Hey! What is this? What has happened to all these stupid people? The evil fairy did not know that the good
fairies had changed her curse, and that the princess together with all the other people
in the castle had fallen into a deep, deep sleep. My revenge is complete, but I would have been
happier to see the queen’s expression on seeing her dead daughter. Ah well, it’s time for me to be on my way. Away walked the evil fairy from the palace,
not knowing that the princess was not dead. A hundred years passed, and everything and
everyone in the palace remained frozen in time But the beautiful gardens around the palace
were overgrown with wild plants and now looked like a thick forest. In fact, the palace could now not be seen
by anyone who was passing by. One fine day, a prince from a neighbouring
kingdom was out hunting. He was an adventurous fellow, and was not
scared to go into the deep forest. Suddenly, the prince happened to see something
much farther ahead. Goodness gracious! Whatever can that be? It looks like the tip of a tower, but why
would there be a tower in the middle of such a dense forest? I have to see for myself. The prince cut through all the wild plants
and bushes growing along the way, his feet crunching on the fallen twigs, till he finally
reached the palace. I can’t believe my eyes! A palace in the middle of such a thick forest! I wonder if there is anyone around, though
can’t imagine that anyone could stay here. The prince made his way into the palace, and
couldn’t believe the sight that met his eyes. I need to pinch myself, I seem to be dreaming. Ouch! Okay, so this is no dream, but I just can’t
figure out what this is. The prince wandered from room to room, seeing
the same scene of people who seemed to be frozen like statues. Then, the prince entered the room where lay
the princess, and on seeing her, he just stopped. What a beautiful young lady, prettier than
any I have ever seen. The prince could not stop himself. He went forward, bent down beside the princess,
and kissed her smooth white forehead. No sooner had he done this that the evil fairy’s
curse was broken. The princess opened her eyes and came to life,
and with her awoke all the other people in the palace. The king and queen rushed to their daughter,
tears of joy in their eyes. Er, can someone please tell me what is happening? Oh, young man, we have all been under the
curse of an evil fairy, and by kissing the princess, you have broken the curse and brought
us all to life. We don’t know how to thank you. Well, I know how you can do that. I fell in love with your daughter as soon
as I saw her, and you would make me the happiest man by giving me your daughter’s hand in
marriage. Young man, we couldn’t ask for anything
more. And so the palace that had slept for 100 years
finally came to life. The silence was replaced with days of music
and laughter and dancing to celebrate the wedding of the princess to her handsome prince,
who lived happily ever after. text Sleeping Beauty there was once a kind   and wise king who ruled over a large   Kingdom the only thing that the king and   queen were sad about was that they had   no child but finally their prayers were   answered and they were blessed with a   beautiful baby   god I'm so happy today the little   princess is so beautiful I couldn't have   asked for anything more   we must celebrate we shall have a grand   ball and invite everyone in the kingdom   I would like everyone to come and place   my lovely child the King instructed his   men to arrange for the celebrations and   invite everyone to come and bless the   princess all the fairies were invited   also but the king's men forgot to invite   one fairy who live deep in the woods and   he was known to be mean and wicked at   the ball all the fairies came up to   bless the little princess   I yes princess with beauty   I guess the princess with wisdom under   kind heart suddenly the mean fairy went   up to the Queen   you did not invite me to the ball and   you shall pay for it   everyone else has blessed the princess   but I will put a curse on her when she   is 16 she will prick her finger on the   spindle and fall dad   oh no no no no I am so sorry that you   were not invited   please please do forgive us we have been   blessed with a child after so many years   do not take away our happiness   please take your curse bank I beg of you   I said you shall pay and so your shelf   so saying the evil fairy left the ball   leaving everyone shocked   oh how could she she doesn't deserve to   be called a fairy   she's just an evil witch i say i don't   think i will be able to bear this my   dear fairies   isn't there anything you can do to break   this curse all the fairies got together   to see what they could do after their   discussion they approach the Queen Your   Majesty this is not possible for us to   break the curse of the evil fairy but   what we can do is make sure that the   sweet-princess will not die but fall   into a deep sleep for 100 years   then the kiss of a young prince will   awaken her but by then we shall all be   dead and when she awakens she will not   recognize anyone   how will we enjoy seeing our daughter   grow once again the fairies put their   heads together to find a solution and   after discussing for some time they went   back to the Queen Your Majesty we have   thought about this when the princess   falls into a sleep   everyone in the palace will also fall   asleep and when she awakens the whole   Palace will awaken with her this way she   will know everyone   there was nothing more anyone could do   and everyone was very sad   listen everyone first thing tomorrow   morning go out and destroy all the   spindles in the kingdom   not a single spindle should be left the   king's men set out the next morning and   broken burned every spindle they could   find   however they did not see an old spindle   lying in a small dusty room in the   palace itself years past the princess   grew up to be a beautiful and kind young   lady everyone in the palace loved her   she spent her days roaming around the   palace and in the beautiful gardens   outside   and then the princess turned sixteen   people came from far in a way to wisher   I am so overjoyed to see our daughter   grow up to be such a gracious and   charming young lady but now the curse of   the evil fairy is coming back to haunt   me   let us not worry my dear I've done my   best to ensure that all the spindles in   the kingdom of being destroyed if there   is no spindle the princess will not be   able to prick her finger on it   I know I know that's the face of that   evil fairy and her horrible coast just   want to leave me in peace   the princess spent the entire morning   meeting all the people who had come to   wish her on her 16th birthday and then   went to her room to rest in the evening   she decided to be by herself and explore   some parts of the large castle that she   had not seen I never realized the palace   was so huge I don't remember ever seeing   these rumors before   Oh what is this   it seems to be some sort of tunnel I   wonder where it leads to the princess   was very curious and started to go along   the tunnel which led to a dusty room   full of old things huh I never knew   there was a room full of such old things   in the palace   oh there seems to be a light coming from   the far corner and some funny sound   I wonder what it could be the princess   made her way to where she could see the   light and hear the sound when she went   near she was surprised to see an old   woman sitting and working with some yarn   on some kind of rod the princess did not   know that that was a spindle as her   father had instructed that all the   spindles in the kingdom be destroyed and   alas the old woman sitting there was   none other than the horrible fairy who   had cursed the princess she had somehow   entered the palace and with a spell she   had made the princess follow the path to   the old dusty room   hello I don't think I've seen you before   in the palace   what are you doing I am spinning yarn   can't you see how I'm so sorry but I've   never seen anything like this before   would you like to try it it is not very   difficult you know the poor princess had   no idea about the evil plan of the   wicked fairy and eagerly agreed to try   her hand at the spindle and as the which   had cursed when she had been born she   pricked her finger and immediately fell   into it   slumber I had told the Queen she would   pay for enough to invite him into our   grand fault and i have now taken revenge   for Micah mediation I would take her   precious daughters body and show her the   evil fairy carried the princess to the   main part of the palace to show the   Queen how she had taken her revenge for   her insult but what a strange sight met   her eyes time had come to a total   standstill and everyone in the palace   seem to have just frozen in whatever act   they were performing hey what is this   what has happened to all these stupid   people   the evil fairy did not know that the   good fairies had changed her curse and   that the princess together with all the   other people in the castle had fallen   into a deep deep sleep   Myra lens is complete but I would have   been happier to see the Queen's   expression some seeing heard that   daughter   well it's time for me to be on my way   away walk the evil fairy from the palace   not knowing the princess was not dead   a hundred years passed and everything   and everyone in the palace remained   frozen in time but the beautiful gardens   around the palace were overgrown with   wild plants and now look like a thick   forest in fact the palace could now not   be seen by anyone who is passing by one   fine day a prince from a neighboring   Kingdom was out hunting   he was an adventurous bellow and was not   scared to go into the deep forest   suddenly the Prince happen to see   something much farther ahead   goodness gracious whatever can that be   it looks like the tip of the tower why   would there be a tower in such a dense   forest I have to see for myself the   Prince cut through all the wild plants   and bushes growing along the way his   feet crunching on the Fallen twigs will   finally reach the palace   I can't believe my eyes palace in the   middle of such a thick forest wonder if   there's anyone around   no can't imagine anyone could stay here   the Prince made his way into the palace   and couldn't believe the sight that met   his eyes I need to pinch myself I seem   to be dreaming   ouch ok so this is no dream I just can't   figure out what this is the Prince   wandered from room to room seeing the   same scene of people who seem to be   frozen like statues then the Prince   entered the room where lay the princess   and on seeing her   he just stopped what a beautiful young   lady prettier than any I've ever seen   the Prince could not stop himself he   went forward bent down beside the   princess and kissed her smooth white   forehead   no sooner had he done this that the evil   fairy's curse was broken the princess   opened her eyes and came to life and   with her awoke all the other people in   the palace the king and queen rush to   their daughter tears of joy in their   eyes   can someone please tell me what is   happening young man we have all been   under the curse of an evil fairy and by   kissing the princess you have broken the   curse and brought us all to life   we don't know how to thank you   well I know how you can do that i fell   in love with her daughter as soon as   they saw her and you would make me the   happiest man by giving me your   daughter's hand in marriage   young man we couldn't ask for anything   more   and so the palace that had slept for 100   years finally came to life the silence   was replaced with days of music and   laughter and dancing to celebrate the   wedding of the princess to her handsome   prince who lived happily ever after   one morning she got ready as usual to go   out there I'm going for a walk in the   forest   Oh Goldilocks see if you can find some   berries there i was thinking of making a   nice berry pie for dinner tonight text Once upon a time there was a kingdom A kingdom full of happiness... And in that kingdom lived a king and queen that had only one wish And that one wish was to have a child... The king and the queen were very kind people So they knew in their hearts that one day their wish would come true And one day soon enough their wish came true They were blessed with a baby girl Because she was as bright as the sun that lighted up the day They named the little princess, Sunshine The king and the queen decided to have a big ball to celebrate their joy and birth of Sunshine Everyone was invited Even the fairies living in the mystery forest But the king and the queen made a big mistake They forgot to invite one fairy in particular Everyone from all around the kingdom and the kings and queens from the neighbouring kingdoms presented their gifts and best wishes to Sunshine And last but not least it was time for the 12 fairies The fairies gave incredibly unique presents to Sunshine With their magic wands they gifted Sunshine with anything she could want in the world In the end, only three fairies remained to give their presents And they also gave wonderful presents to Sunshine “May the beauty of the world be with you at all times.“ “Little princess... My gift is eternal happiness... May you never be sad and always be happy.“ "hi hi hi hi hi hi" Just as the last fairy was going to present her gift something very unexpected happened The whole ballroom was suddenly covered in green smoke And when the smoke was gone, the black fairy appeared The king asked who this fairy was, crashing this beautiful ceremony The other fairies immediately recognized her It was the evil hearted Black Fairy “So, I see that everyone is invited.” “All the people in the kingdom, your friends, kings, queens… and the fairies.“ ”But unfortunately, I was not invited.” The king apologized for their unpolite behaviour ”Well, I will not leave this beautiful little princess without a truly unique gift of mine.” ”The most beautiful princess will grow surrounded with happiness, love and admiration." "But!....“ “On her sixteenth birthday" "just before sunset, she will poke herself with a needle and she will be gone forever!“ “Seize that monster!” yelled out the king but the black fairy disappeared with her evil laughter "hah hah hah hah hah haaa" "haah hah hah hah hah haaa" It was the last fairy’s turn to give her gift.. She was not as powerful as the Black Fairy but, she wished for something which could at least lighten up the bad curse “I cannot prevent the curse" "But, I can effect the outcome. May you not die when the curse unfolds." "But, go in a deep sleep and wake up with a kiss of true love. My gift to you.“ The king with the attempt to prevent this bad curse from happening Ordered every needle, sewing machine, or anything that even resembled a needle To be collected and burnt in the courtyard of the castle With the gifts of the fairies Princess Sunshine grew as a beautiful and kind child that everybody loved One day, her dad, the king ordered three fairies to take care and guard Sunshine which has proven to be a rather difficult task for them Because, Sunshine was not going to be in touch with anyone but the three fairies Sunshine grew up to be a very beautiful young girl with her guardian fairies Finally the day arrived It was the sixteenth birthday of princess Sunshine It was only until the sunset before black fairy’s curse was going to unfold The king and the queen did everything they could to prevent the curse from happening But they were still worried that it would happen anyway They locked up the beautiful princess in a room in order to protect her But having no idea what was going on Sunshine was not pleased with being locked up Suddenly, a door appeared in the wall Sunshine was mesmerized by this door she had never seen before And she heard weird noises coming behind the door Curious and unaware of what was going to happen She entered the door In the room she entered, there was a woman sewing with her back turned to the door And Sunshine walked spellbound towards the sewing machine Just as the sun was setting, the black fairy’s curse unfolded and Sunshine reached out to the needle And at that moment, it happened With only a touch of the needle she fell down and dozed into her eternal sleep "hah hah hah hah hah haa" "haaa hah hah hah hah haa" And there it was At sunset black fairy’s spell was cast on Sunshine’s 16th birthday They dressed her up with her most beautiful outfit and put her on a bed of flowers So, started the days where Sunshine would be known as the Sleeping Beauty The king and the queen wanted to stop the pain So they decided to put everyone in the castle to sleep Until the time the princess wakes up A hundred years passed One day a handsome prince was passing nearby and he saw the castle covered with thorned bushes and ivy His men told the stories about the castle and the Sleeping Beauty It really excited the prince So he decided to go in the castle The bushes were too thick and the thorns made it almost impossible to go over So, he drew his sword and started opening his way by cutting up the bushes Cutting his way through, he finally came to the door and he saw two guards at the door, sleeping He opened the door and was stunned by the view There were people on the floor everywhere he could see He started to walk around the castle And he came to the king’s room The king and the queen also were sleeping on their sofa Then he saw a room with a half open door He entered This was the room where the sleeping beauty was sleeping on a beautiful bed of flowers The prince came next to the bed Looked at the beautiful princess and leaned over to her ear "You’re the famous sleeping beauty" "You’re so beautiful" Whispered the prince, feeling overwhelmed with love, he kissed her on her forehead At that moment, she opened her eyes And saw the handsome prince, looking at her With her awakening, everyone in the castle woke up from their hundred years of sleep The king and the queen were in a great shock They woke up and ran to Sunshine’s room to see what was going on And, when they saw their beautiful daughter awake They were full of joy and happiness The prince asked the sleeping beauty to marry him The princess smiled at him and accepted his proposal And the king of course gave his blessing to the prince who saved his daughter and his kingdom They had the most beautiful ceremony anyone had ever seen And, they all lived happily ever after text Welcome to Wolfoo Family Channel
Enjoy watching this new episode &lt;3 If you like Wolfoo Family Please like, share, subscribe and click the notification bell for not missing any episode! Thank you for watching! text Long, long ago, there lived a beautiful queen whose greatest wish was to have a daughter. I wish I had a child of my own. A beautiful daughter with skin as white as snow! With lips as red as a rose, and hair as black as coal. It wasn’t long before the queen’s wish came true. She gave birth to a beautiful little girl whom she named Snow White! But sadly, the queen became very sick and died when Snow White was very little. Snow White’s father, the king, eventually remarried. His new wife, the new queen, came to live with him and Snow White in the castle. The new queen was very beautiful. But she was a proud and cruel woman. In her room she had a magical, talking mirror, And every morning, she would stand before it and ask the same question. Magical mirror on the wall! Tell me! Who is the fairest of them all? The magical mirror would always speak the truth and tell the queen that she was the fairest. You, my queen. You are the fairest of them all. The queen was always pleased with the magical mirror’s answer because she knew that the mirror could never tell a lie. The years passed and Snow White grew to be a beautiful young woman. Everyone admired Snow White’s beauty. Her skin was as white as snow. Her lips as red as a rose, and her hair as black as coal. Just as her mother had wished for. One morning, the wicked queen approached the mirror and asked again. Magical Mirror on the wall! Tell me! Who is the fairest of all? To the wicked queen’s great shock, the magical mirror had a different answer for her that day. Snow White! Snow White, Snow White is the fairest of all! The wicked queen knew that the magical mirror only spoke the truth and she grew very envious of Snow White. So one day, when the king was away, the wicked queen called a hunter to her chambers. You will take Snow White to the forest. and get rid of her. And bring back a lock of her hair for me. The hunter took Snow White to the forest where they came to a cliff. He prepared to push snow white off the cliff. But when he saw how loving she was, he stopped himself. Princess Snow White, your stepmother, the wicked queen has asked me to get rid of you. But I do not have the heart to hurt you. Please stay here in the forest. and never return to the kingdom. The hunter then left Snow White in the forest. But he made sure to cut a lock of her hair first. The hunter returned to the castle and presented the lock of hair to the wicked queen. Snow White is gone! And I am the fairest of them all once again! Wandering through the forest, Snow White came upon a tiny cottage near some mountains. She entered the cottage and found a delicious meal laid out on the table. Seven little plates! They are full of delicious food! Snow White was so hungry that she ate all the food. She then went to rest in the bedroom. Oh! There are seven little beds here There must be seven children living in this house! I think I’ll take a nap until they come back. Quite exhausted, Snow White fell fast asleep. The house belonged to seven dwarfs. They were miners who worked in the mountains, and when they returned in the evening, they realized that someone was in their house. Someone’s eaten our food! Someone’s sleeping on our beds! Snow White heard the dwarfs and woke up. She told them who she was and what had happened. My stepmother will kill me if I go back to the castle. The seven dwarfs were very kind to Snow White. and offered to let her to stay in their house. You can stay with us! But you must be careful while we are away. And not let anyone enter the house. For it could be your stepmother trying to harm you again. Snow White enjoyed living with the dwarfs. They were very kind to her, and she felt quite safe and happy with them. Since the hunter had given the wicked queen the lock of hair, she believed that Snow White was dead. So she was very surprised when she went to the magical mirror again. Magical Mirror on the wall! Tell me! Who is the fairest of all? Snow White! Snow White is the fairest of all! But Snow White is dead! The wicked queen was couldn’t believe her eyes when the magical mirror showed her that Snow White was still alive. The wicked queen was so angry that she decided to get rid of Snow White herself. The wicked queen first disguised herself as an old beggar. She then took a poisoned apple and went to the dwarfs’ house. Snow White was all alone when the wicked queen came to the house. Hello? Is anyone home? I'm a poor old woman and I'm feeling very cold. Can I come in for a little while? you poor thing. Please come in. Snow White fell for the wicked queen’s trick and let her into the house. You are very kind. Please accept this apple as a token of my thanks, my love. Thank you! Please, take a bite of the apple, love. And tell me how you like it. Snow White did not recognize the wicked queen. And so she innocently took a big bite of the apple. My head... The poison in the apple put Snow White into a deep, deep sleep. Now I am again the fairest of them all! When the dwarfs returned, they saw Snow White lying cold and still. Oh no! Something has happened to Snow White! Look! There’s an apple here. Oh no! The wicked queen must have been here! The apple looks like it has been poisoned. I hope it doesn’t kill her. The poor dwarfs couldn’t stop crying. They carried Snow White to the top of the mountain and waited by her side. Some time later, a kind and handsome prince came by. He saw Snow White and was taken aback by her beauty. What a beautiful young lady! But why is she looking so pale and cold? The warmth from the prince's heart woke Snow White up. The Prince and the seven dwarfs were very happy to see Snow White wake up. They took very good care of her and nursed her back to health. To everyone’s great happiness, the prince then asked Snow White to marry him. Princess Snow White, will you be my wife? Yes! Hooray! When the wicked queen heard that Snow White was still alive, she plotted to harm her again. But the prince and the seven dwarfs were ready. Before she could act, they replaced the wicked queen's shoes with a magical pair that never stopped walking. Huh? Why can’t I stop walking? Where am I going? Snow White and the prince then lived happily ever after. text Tofu Telling about how he tricked his friends and didn’t get caught. That is not nice Tofu. What if your friends find out? They will stop talking to you, won’t they? Oh, no! I am so clever, they won’t find out ever. Let me tell you the story of another clever boy called Tom Sawyer. Tom Sawyer lived with his Aunt Polly  and half-brother Sid. He was an extremely clever boy who loved mischief. But Tom also had very good luck which always helped him get away with the mischief he did. One day, his Aunt Polly was looking for him. Tom! Tom! Where are you? She looked everywhere. She looked outside in the yard inside in the house and the kitchen she looked in her room too. But he was nowhere. She went back to his room and called to him. Tom! Stop hiding and come out now! But there was no answer. Suddenly Aunt Polly saw something move under Tom’s bed. She thought it was Tom. She bent down and swiftly pulled the bed cover. A cat that Tom had hidden there sprung out at Aunt Polly. Surprised looking at this she shouted. Oh dear! Where did Tom get the cat? Wait till I find that boy. Just as Aunt Polly was shooing the cat out of the window she felt someone behind her. It was Tom, trying to escape from the room. He had been hiding in the cupboard. Aunt Polly caught him by the collar. Tom! What were you doing hiding in the cupboard? You ate all the jam, didn’t you? No, Aunt Polly. I haven’t even touched the jam. It must have been Sid. Don’t you lie to me young man. I can see the jam all over your face. Tom quickly tried to wipe his face but it was too late. Today I am going to beat you with a stick. You have become too mischievous. Aunt Polly! Look behind you! Aunt Polly turned to see but there was no one. It was just one of Tom’s tricks. And this time he used it to get away from Aunt Polly because when she turned around again, he wasn’t there! Oh this boy! One of these days I am going to punish him. Tom was so happy with himself for fooling Aunt Polly again that he decided to take the day off from school. Instead he went to the river and bathed in it.  At lunchtime he went into a nearby farm stole fruits from there and ran out of there with the owner chasing behind him. Just as he was running, he bumped into Sid. Sid saw Tom’s wet hair and clothes and the fruits in his hands and understood that Tom hadn’t gone to school but he didn’t say anything. When Tom reached home Aunt Polly was waiting for him and she was angry. Tom understood that Sid had told her everything. Tom! Did you skip school again? No, Aunt Polly! Sid is lying! How did you know Sid said anything to me? Well, for once Tom had got himself into trouble. He had no answer for Aunt Polly’s question. Tomorrow is Saturday. You don’t have school. You will not go anywhere. Instead you will whitewash the fence. The entire fence? Yes, the entire fence. That is your punishment. Tom had no choice, he couldn’t argue with Aunt Polly. He didn’t want to make her angrier. But he was angry too. The fence would take up his whole Saturday. He went into the yard and kicked at the dust. Just then he saw Sid coming in. He quickly made a mud ball and swung it at him. Aaah! Stop! Help, Aunt Polly! why did You have to tell anything to Aunt Polly? Tom flung a few more mud balls at Sid and then jumped over the fence and ran away. He knew he was already punished so nothing worse could happen now. Next morning when Tom came down for breakfast he was greeted with a pail of paint and paintbrushes. Aunt Polly had been serious about his punishment. So Tom ate his breakfast and went into the yard to whitewash the fence.  Painstakingly he finished a bit of it. That’s when his friend Joe came up to him. Hey Tom! Why are you working on a Saturday morning? Working? Who said anything about working? Well, why are you painting the fence then? I am doing it because it is art. Haven’t you heard of art, Joe? Well, I have…but I have never done it. Is it fun? Oh Yes, it is.  Why else would I do it? Joe thought about it.  It was true Tom Sawyer would never do anything that wasn’t fun. He asked Tom, if he could also try it? Tom agreed to let Joe do only a small portion of it in exchange of 3 marbles. Joe thought 3 marbles was too much but agreed. He wanted to try art. A little while later their friend Jim came. He saw Tom resting under the tree and Joe painting the fence. He went to Joe. What are you doing Joe? It is art. I paid Tom 3 marbles to let me do it. 3 marbles!  Is it that good? Yes, very good. Jim dashed to Tom immediately and asked if in exchange of his fishhook he too could whitewash the fence. Tom feigned some reluctance  but agreed And so it went on other friends of Tom came and believed that painting the fence was fun. They paid Tom in collector’s cards, candies and even a catapult to get a chance to paint the fence. By noon the entire fence was painted and Tom was a rich boy. He hid his treasures and went to his aunt. It’s done! What? Unbelievable! Let me see. Aunt Polly took Tom with her to the see the fence. Indeed it was done.  And it was done very nicely. How does he do it?  Anyway his punishment is over now I will have to let him go. I hope he does not create more mischief. But as always when Aunt Polly turned around to tell Tom that his punishment was over, he was already gone. The next day was Sunday  and Tom went to Sunday school. When he reached there, he saw a new girl  and was smitten by her. He desperately wanted to impress her. He thought of a way he could prove himself better than the other boys. He went to one of the smartest boys in the class. And bought from him all his yellow tickets in exchange of the treasure he had earned from his friends yesterday. The yellow tickets were awarded only to those boys who had learned all the verses of the Bible. Usually only older boys were able to get the yellow tickets. When you had enough yellow tickets you could exchange them for a Bible. The Minister asked the class. Does anyone have enough yellow tickets for a Bible? Nobody had so many tickets. Except Tom who raised his hand. Everybody, including the Minister was surprised. Tom was the most naughty boy they knew. How could he have learnt all the verses of the Bible? The Minister understood, this was one of Tom’s tricks. And he decided to test him. Very well done Tom! Please come here and collect your Bible. Also, as is tradition, when you earn your Bible you get to recite any three of your favourite verses from it. Tom was stumped! Three verses, he didn’t even know one! He fumbled. Umm…umm… The whole class laughed at him, as they understood that mischievous Tom had got into a big soup this time. Do you still think you will never get caught? Oh no, Tia! I have to go and tell my friends the truth and apologise to them right away! text There was a vain emperor who just loved
clothes. More than ruling his land wisely, he seemed
interested only in changing into a new suit every hour. He would visit the theater and go out in his
carriage so that the people would get to see his new suits every day. How he loved to show off his new clothes to
all the people! Instead of discussing with his ministers the
state of the kingdom, he was more interested in their opinion of his clothes! So, my dear ministers, what do you think of
my new dress? Isn’t it better than the one I wore yesterday? Your majesty, it is absolutely wonderful. What a beautiful design! The stories of the emperor’s love for clothes
spread far and wide, and reached the ears of two scoundrels. The cunning fellows landed up at the emperor’s
court one day, and asked to meet the emperor.And what work do you have with the emperor? He is a busy man and cannot be meeting everyone.Oh,
we are very fine weavers, sir, and can weave clothes like none other in the kingdom. We have heard that the emperor loves clothes,
and have come to make him a suit with our beautiful cloth.The emperor has got so many
suits made of so many different cloths, what is so different in your cloth? Well, you see, our cloth is so light and delicate,
that it is almost invisible. In fact, it is visible only to those who are
fit to do the jobs they are doing, and fools most certainly cannot see our cloth.When the
courtier heard this, he rushed to tell the emperor about this amazing new cloth that
the two weavers were talking about.Fools cannot see it, you say, and it is invisible
to those not suited for their jobs? This I must see. Go, fetch them immediately. If what they say is true, then I will who
know among my ministers and courtiers should be removed from their posts.The courtier ran
to bring the two weavers to the emperor.Come on, you two, the emperor shall see you now,
and your cloth better be as good as you claim it to be.The two weavers were presented before
the emperor, where he sat with his ministers.So, you weave a special cloth, is it? Yes, your majesty. It is a cloth that none other can weave. Very well. You will be provided with everything you need,
and you must spin this cloth here in the palace. Here is a bag of gold to start with, and you
can ask for anything else that you might want.Of course, your majesty. We will spin the cloth here and make the most
splendid suit for you, a suit which no one would have ever seen.The emperor ordered two
looms to be set up in a room. The weavers asked for golden thread and the
finest of silks, all of which they hid away in their bags, and pretended to be working
away at the looms. In the meanwhile, the emperor was getting
more and more curious to know what the weavers were doing, and decided to send his trusted
minister to have a look. Minister, you are one of my most senior ministers
and among the most sensible, so I know I can trust you and your judgment. I want you to go and look at the cloth the
weavers are weaving and let me know how it is coming along. The other ministers might not be able to see
the cloth, you understand? Of course, your majesty, I know exactly what
you are trying to say.So the minister went to the room where the weavers were busy working.Oh,
come in, come in, sir. Have a look at this beautiful and intricate
design we have woven. And the colors And sir, could you please make
arrangements for some more gold, thread and silk to be provided?, look how vibrant they
are. Don’t you like it, sir? We have worked really, really hard. Er, oh, oh yes. I have never seen such beautiful workmanship. I must tell the emperor. Carry on, carry on making the wonderful material.Er,
yes, yes, of course. Once there was a vain emperor who just loved
clothes. More than ruling his land wisely, he seemed interested only in changing into
a new suit every hour. He would visit the theater and go out in his carriage so that
the people would get to see his new suits every day. How he loved to show off his new
clothes to all the people! Instead of discussing with his ministers the state of the kingdom,
he was more interested in their opinion of his clothes! So, my dear ministers, what do
you think of my new dress? Isn’t it better than the one I wore yesterday? Your majesty,
it is absolutely wonderful. What a beautiful design!
The stories of the emperor’s love for clothes spread far and wide, and reached the ears
of two scoundrels. The cunning fellows landed up at the emperor’s court one day, and asked
to meet the emperor.And what work do you have with the emperor? He is a busy man and cannot
be meeting everyone.Oh, we are very fine weavers, sir, and can weave clothes like none other
in the kingdom. We have heard that the emperor loves clothes, and have come to make him a
suit with our beautiful cloth.The emperor has got so many suits made of so many different
cloths, what is so different in your cloth? Well, you see, our cloth is so light and delicate,
that it is almost invisible. In fact, it is visible only to those who are fit to do the
jobs they are doing, and fools most certainly cannot see our cloth.When the courtier heard
this, he rushed to tell the emperor about this amazing new cloth that the two weavers
were talking about.Fools cannot see it, you say, and it is invisible to those not suited
for their jobs? This I must see. Go, fetch them immediately. If what they say is true,
then I will who know among my ministers and courtiers should be removed from their posts.The
courtier ran to bring the two weavers to the emperor.Come on, you two, the emperor shall
see you now, and your cloth better be as good as you claim it to be.The two weavers were
presented before the emperor, where he sat with his ministers.So, you weave a special
cloth, is it? Yes, your majesty. It is a cloth that none other can weave. Very well. You
will be provided with everything you need, and you must spin this cloth here in the palace.
Here is a bag of gold to start with, and you can ask for anything else that you might want.Of
course, your majesty. We will spin the cloth here and make the most splendid suit for you,
a suit which no one would have ever seen.The emperor ordered two looms to be set up in
a room. The weavers asked for golden thread and the finest of silks, all of which they
hid away in their bags, and pretended to be working away at the looms.
In the meanwhile, the emperor was getting more and more curious to know what the weavers
were doing, and decided to send his trusted minister to have a look.
Minister, you are one of my most senior ministers and among the most sensible, so I know I can
trust you and your judgment. I want you to go and look at the cloth the weavers are weaving
and let me know how it is coming along. The other ministers might not be able to see the
cloth, you understand? Of course, your majesty, I know exactly what you are trying to say.So
the minister went to the room where the weavers were busy working.Oh, come in, come in, sir.
Have a look at this beautiful and intricate design we have woven. And the colors And sir,
could you please make arrangements for some more gold, thread and silk to be provided?,
look how vibrant they are. Don’t you like it, sir? We have worked really, really hard.
Er, oh, oh yes. I have never seen such beautiful workmanship. I must tell the emperor. Carry
on, carry on making the wonderful material.Er, yes, yes, of course. (to himself) Good heavens
I I cannot admit to anyone that I cannot see anything! Are my spectacles not right, or
am I an idiot and not fit to do my job? The minister went back to the emperor, having
decided to not mention that he could see no cloth being woven. After so many years of
serving the emperor, he did not want it to be known that he was not suited for his job.
No, no, that would never do!Well, minister, what do you think of the cloth those weavers
are working on?Oh, your Majesty, I don’t have words to describe it. The colors and
design are like nothing I have ever seen.It is that good, is it? Do you think I should
wear a suit of that cloth to the grand procession I shall be leading soon? Of course, your Majesty.
Everyone will be looking at you.The weavers continued pretending to work on the looms.
They asked for more gold thread and more of the finest silk available, and of course put
all this away in their bags. They asked for more candles, pretending to work late into
the night. Their scissors went snip snip snip in the air, needles weaving in and out of
imaginary cloth with no threads in them. After some time, the emperor again grew curious
about the new cloth the weavers were weaving.I think I will now send my trusted courtier
to see how those two are progressing. The emperor sends summons for the courtier to
come.Courtier, go and see how my new suit is coming along
and come back and tell me everything in detail.So the courtier made his way to the room where
the weavers were busy on their looms.Welcome sir, you have come
to see the emperor’s suit? We are sure neither you nor the emperor will be disappointed.
We are working very hard to make sure it is ready for the emperor to wear for the procession.
And how do you like it, sir? Have you ever seen such a magnificent design or such a perfect
blend of colors? The courtier was as confused as the minister. He could see absolutely nothing,
and admitting that would mean he was an idiot and not fit to do the job he was doing. Like
the minister, he had no intention of being labelled a fool.I must say it is an amazing
suit, absolutely befitting of our great ruler. And you are right, I have never seen such
marvelous craftsmanship.The courtier listened carefully to how the weavers were describing
the suit, because he did not know what he could tell the emperor otherwise. How could
he describe something he could not see at all? So courtier, what do you think of the
suit? The courtier described in great detail the pattern and colors, exactly as the weavers
had told him. He certainly did not want to admit he could see nothing, as that would
make him an idiot in everyone’s eyes. Ah well, I think tomorrow I shall go and see
the suit for myself. Everyone seems to be praising it so much, I can’t wait to see
it for myself. The next day, the emperor went to the room where the weavers were pretending
to be busy weaving. Up and down their hands flew, while their eyes were fixed on the looms,
concentrating so hard on the imaginary cloth. Oh, your majesty, we have been waiting to
show you your new suit. It is so beautiful, even better than we had expected. People will
be talking of nothing but your suit at the procession. Here, have a look at the jacket
and the trousers. I am sure they will fit your majesty like a second skin. And the cloak!
Isn’t it magnificent? They are all so light and fragile, like a spider’s web! The emperor
looked hard, but he could see nothing! I am the emperor of the land, and if I say I cannot
see anything, my people will think I am not fit to rule them! That cannot happen! For
fear of being considered a fool, the emperor also went along with what the others had said,
and greatly admired the suit. The day of the procession, the weavers pretended
to help the emperor wear the suit, pretending to handle it very carefully. Come, your majesty,
stand before this mirror. Here, please wear the jacket and trousers. The weavers pretended
to make the emperor wear the jacket and trousers. They pretended to nip the trousers in a little
at the waist, straighten out the collar of the jacket, and make some other adjustments.
They then stood back to admire their handiwork. Ah, that is such a wonderful fit, don’t
you think so your majesty? And the colors look so good on you. Now let me adjust the
cloak. There! That’s done. What do you have to say, your majesty? Er, well, I must say
you have done a great job. Like you say, it is an excellent fit, and the design and colors
are outstanding! The emperor stood in front of the mirror, and though he could still not
see any clothes, he pretended to admire them and himself while striking different poses
before the mirror. Well, your majesty, it is time for you to make an appearance and
lead the procession. The courtier came forward and pretended to hold the long train, and
followed the emperor out. All the people in the land had heard about the magical quality
of the suit, and were waiting curiously and impatiently to see the emperor wearing it.
Finally, when the emperor made an entry, the crowd became absolutely silent on seeing him.
And then suddenly, the voice of a small child was heard. But he is wearing nothing! Listen
to the voice of an innocent child, he speaks the truth. All the people then started shouting.
He is wearing nothing, he is wearing nothing! The emperor was extremely embarrassed. He
now understood how the two weavers had made a fool of him as well as his ministers and
courtiers. All he could do was lead the procession as he was with as much dignity as he could.
The weavers, of course, had already escaped with all the gold, thread and silks the emperor
had given them, and were never seen or heard of again. text Long, long, ago there lived a beautiful princess. She was very proud of her beautiful looks. And she only liked having beautiful things around her. Oh, I must only have beautiful birds in my garden. I wish the crows would go away from here. They are so ugly. One morning, the princess’s father gave her a beautiful golden ball. This ball is for you, my princess. I know you like beautiful things. But you must remember, to look for beauty in other things too. Thank you, Daddy. The princess liked strolling in the beautiful garden behind her palace every morning. And this morning she took the golden ball with her. She began tossing the ball high up in the air and catching it before it fell to the ground. But she was careless and on one of the throws. Oops! The princess dropped the golden ball. The ball fell to the ground and bounced off into a pond. The princess was very disappointed. She was sure that she would never see the golden ball again. Huh! Oh no! I’ve lost my beautiful new golden ball. I’ll never have another like it. I wish there was someone who could help me get it back. To the princess’s surprise, a frog sitting on a lily pad, hopped up to her and spoke. Croak! Good morning, princess! I see you have lost your ball. I can get it back for you. But you must promise to give me something in return. Huh? The princess thought the frog was very ugly. She wanted to turn around and run away the moment she saw him. But she really wanted her golden ball back. And so, she spoke to him. I promise I’ll give you all the gold and silver I have if you get my ball back. The frog laughed at the princess’s offer. He didn’t want gold or silver. No, Princess. I don’t want gold or silver. I want something else. Huh? The princess was very curious to know what the frog wanted. What do you want, frog? I want to eat dinner from your plate, dance with you, and sleep in your room. Huh? The princess didn’t like the frog or his ideas. But the palace was quite far away from the pond. And the princess was sure that he would never find his way there. And so she agreed. Okay, frog. I promise that I’ll share my dinner with you. And that I’ll dance with you. And that I’ll let you sleep in my room. And I promise I’ll get your ball! The frog leaped into the water. He went deep down to the pond’s bed and found the golden ball. Here’s your ball, Princess! I kept my promise. And now you must keep yours too. Huh? The princess hurried back to the palace with the golden ball. Soon she forgot all about the frog. For she was sure, that she would never see him again. But that evening, just as the princess sat to eat her dinner, there was a knock on the door. It was the frog. He hopped into the palace and sat right next to the princess. Hello, Princess! I’m here! Huh? The king was very surprised to see the frog. Who is this frog, princess? Do you know him? What is he doing here? The princess told the king all about the frog. Ah! This frog helped me find my golden ball this morning, daddy. And I promised him that I’d let him eat from my plate. I also promised to dance with him, and let him sleep in my room. The king believed in keeping promises. And he wanted to the princess to keep hers too. A promise is a promise, princess. And you must keep one if you’ve made one. Especially when someone has been kind to you. Huh! Come on now, keep your promise. Share your dinner with the frog. And so the princess kept her promise and let the frog eat from her plate. Mmm! Yummy! Eww! The frog then asked the princess to dance with him. Princess, can we dance now? The princess kept her promise and danced with the frog even though she wasn’t one bit happy. La la la! La la la la! Later that night, the frog went to sleep in the princess’s bedroom. Good night, princess! Sweet dreams! The princess kept her promise and allowed the frog to sleep in her room even though she was not happy about it. The next morning, when the princess woke up, she didn’t see the frog anywhere. Thank goodness! The frog is gone! But to the princess’s surprise, there was a handsome young prince in her room. Good morning, princess! Remember me? I’m the frog that you met yesterday! The princess was very surprised. Uhh! You’re the frog? The prince then told the princess how he had been turned into a frog. Yes, princess. I’m actually a prince. But an evil witch cast a spell on me and turned me into a frog. She said I would only turn back into a prince if a beautiful princess let me eat from her plate, dance with her, and let me sleep in her room. And since you did all that, you broke the spell. I did? Yes! The princess was very happy that she kept her promise. Soon, she and the prince became very good friends. They even got married. And the prince showed the princess how to look for beauty in everything. text CartoonLand presents The Frog Prince Once upon a time, there lived an old king, who had such a beautiful daughter that even the Sun blushed when it shone upon her. On  nice, sunny days the princess would play in the castle gardens with her favourite golden ball. She would throw it up in the air and catch it over and over again, but one day the ball unexpectedly fell to the bottom of a well. Ohhh, noooo! The princess started to cry uncontrollably. She then heard someone call to her. Why are you crying, beautiful princess? Are you speaking to me? Yes, you. I just wanted to know why you are crying so much. Well, because my golden ball has fallen down the well. Ohh, if that’s the only problem, I can get it back for you, but I would like to ask for one small thing in return. Anything, anything you want. I can give you pearls, diamonds, even my crown, but please, bring back my little ball. Ribbit. Oh no, I don’t need any of those fancy, royal things. I just want to be your friend. Just let me sit at your table, let me eat from your plate, let me drink from your glass, let us play together, and let me sleep in your bed. If you grant me these things, I will bring you back your golden ball immediately. Please, I’ll do anything if you bring me back my favourite ball. Ribbit-ribbit. The frog jumped into the well with a huge splash and brought back the ball within a second. The princess was overjoyed. Her grief disappeared as if it had never even existed. Ribbit. She bent down to stroke the frog, but she didn't know that his skin would be so cold and slimy. She was startled by touching him and ran away in fear. Stop, princess. I cannot hop that fast. But the princess didn't care and ran all the way back to the castle. The next day, in the castle, lunch was being prepared when suddenly a loud knock echoed through the corridors. Daughter, go to the door and see who that is, please. The princess opened the door, and her smile quickly faded from her face. Who is it, dear? Errm, nobody, father. As she tried to shut the door the frog yelled: Hey princess, it is me. Let me in and we can play. Ahh... Yesterday you promised that you would play with me if I got you the golden ball back. My dear, if you make a promise, you have to keep it. Let this young fellow in. The princess had no choice but to open the door and the small frog jumped into the hallway. Oh, what is this? Please, put me beside you on  the table. Well... But you promised me yesterday. Give me a bite from your plate. Mmm... You also promised me this yesterday. Huh? Well, if you promised him. Huhh... The princess fed him and gave the slimy creature something to drink and when he was full the frog said: Thank you for the tasty lunch, it was nice. Ribbit. But now I am very, very tired. Please, let me go to sleep in your bed. Into MY bed?! Remember, you promised me this yesterday as well. Well, if you made a promise, you have to keep it. The king was right, so the princess took the frog in her palm and brought him up to her bedroom and put him down beside her bed. But now you have to be quiet. Ribbit. I want to sleep as comfortably as you do. I want to be in the soft, comfy bed. Ahmm... OK. Here you are, you cold and slimy creature. Now, go to sleep. OK, I will... But please give me a goodnight kiss before I go to sleep. For this, the princess had to gather all her strength. Ahh... Smack... She kissed the frog. She couldn't have dreamt of a better ending. The cold, slimy frog suddenly turned into a handsome prince. Oh princess, I thought you would never break this evil curse, but you have saved me... Thank you! Ahh... You are beautiful as well as honourable. I could not find a more fantastic girl in the whole wide world. Will you marry me? Of course I will marry you, my frog prince. They held a huge wedding and they lived happily ever after. text The Frog Prince There once lived a princess who was very,
very beautiful. She loved to spend her time outdoors, playing
among the plants and trees. Her father, the king, loved her dearly. On her birthday, he gave her a lovely golden
ball. Oooooh! What a nice ball! Thank you father, I will have a super time
playing with it. The princess ran outside with her ball. It was a lovely sunny day, and she had so
much fun bouncing the ball, throwing it up and catching it. What a great gift father has given me. I can spend hours just playing with it. Up and down goes my golden ball, bounce bounce
bounce, up and down goes my golden ball, bounce bounce bounce. Whippee wee wee wee, how I love my golden
ball! The princess spent the whole day playing with
her ball, till it started getting dark. Let me throw the ball high just one more time
before I go in. The princess threw her ball as high as she
could. Alas! Because it was getting dark and she could
not see well, the ball fell on the ground, bounced, and rolled away into a nearby pond. Oh no! My beautiful ball! How will I get it out of the dirty pond water? There are so many water lilies here, I cannot
even see the ball! The princess sat down beside the pond, crying
her heart out. Suddenly, she heard a sound beside her. Croak croak, croak croak. Stop that awful noise! Can’t you see I am upset? I can see that princess, that is why I have
come to help you. You, help me? And how would you do that? Well, I could jump into the pond and look
for your golden ball. I saw how much fun you were having with it
the whole day. Really? Would you do that for me? Oh please, please, please find my golden ball. Of course I will do it for you. And I will not give up till I find it. But I need something for that. What do you want? I will give you anything if you find my ball. Hear what I want before you make your promise,
sweet princess. Come on, come on, anything, just get my ball
back. Well, I want you to be my friend. You must play with me, let me dine with you,
and then let me sleep beside you on your pillow. Do you agree? Are you totally mad? The choice is yours. You either agree to my condition, or I will
say goodnight now. Hey, wait, wait! I have no other way of getting my ball back,
I better agree for now and see how to handle this creature later. Oh, dear froggie, of course you
can be my friend. You get the ball, and we will both play with
it, I promise. Well then, here I go! The frog dived into the pond. The princess waited impatiently for him to
come up, pacing up and down. Finally, up popped the frog from the water,
holding the golden ball. There you are princess, I have found your
precious ball. The princess snatched the ball and fled away
fast with it, without even thanking the frog! My friend indeed! Wonder if he has seen that dirty face of his
in the mirror. The princess happily forgot about her promise
to the frog, thinking she would never see him again. The next day when she was having
dinner with her father, the king, there was a splishy splashy kind of sound, and then
a gentle knock on the door. Yoo hoo, princess, this is your friend the
frog here. You made me a promise that you would let me
dine with you at your table, remember? I am very, very hungry now. Good Heavens! I completely forgot about that pest, didn’t
think he would actually come to the palace itself. What is this I hear? Er, nothing father, nothing, just a stupid
frog who wants to be my friend. Well, I would like to hear what the stupid
frog has to say. Oh father, I don’t think we should bother… Princess! I said I want to hear
what the frog wants. The princess had to obey her father, so she
reluctantly went to bring in the frog. Nice to see you, friend. Why did you have to come here,
you creepy thing? I would have come out and played with you. Aww, princess, I waited for you the whole
day and you did not come. I was missing you so much Come, eat and then get lost. Why are you being so mean and rude to me? I helped you find your golden ball, didn’t
I? What is the matter, may I ask? Oh, nothing much, Your Majesty. Yesterday the princess’s golden ball fell
in the pond, and she promised me that she would be my friend, let me dine with her and
let me sleep on her pillow if I found her ball. But I think now she does’nt want to be my
friend. Is this true, princess? I didn’t really mean that, Father. I needed to get my ball, but how can I be
friends with this, this… That’s enough! I am ashamed of you! If you have made a promise, you should honour
that promise. I love you dearly, but I cannot allow this
behaviour! Now be good and say sorry to the frog, and
then put him on the table to dine. The princess was furious! Say sorry to that dirty creepy thing! But she had no choice but to do as the king
said. Belch! Disgusting fellow! No table manner And now I have to make him sleep beside me! What have I landed myself into! So when the princess went to bed, she carried
the frog with her and put him beside her pillow. Will you tell me a story, princess? If you don’t behave yourself and go to sleep,
I… I will choke you! The frog looked frightened and quietly moved
away. Oh, I didn’t mean that, you know I didn’t. Look, I’m sorry, okay? I’m just very tired, so please go to sleep
and let me sleep also. The next morning, the frog had left before
the princess woke up. Now where has the frog gone? I was nasty to him yesterday, I hope he is
not feeling too bad about it. The princess did not see the frog the whole
day, but when dinner time came, it hopped onto the table beside her with a sweet smile. Oh, so you are back. After last night I thought you might be angry
with me. Oh, my dear, dear princess. I couldn’t be angry with you even if I wanted
to. And I promise not to belch again. The princess smiled at the frog, and they
finished dinner and went to bed. Come, you can sleep on my pillow. And I’ll even tell you a story to make up
for yesterday. The frog was soon asleep, and like the day
before, he had gone by the time the princess awoke, coming back again in time for dinner. Why do you leave without saying goodmorning? Oh, were you missing me? Come along, it’s time for your story. No my dear, I am very tired today and just
want to sleep. The frog soon fell asleep, snoring away softly. The princess looked at him with a smile. He’s not such a bad guy, actually. So saying, she gently kissed the frog, and
then fell asleep. She woke up the next morning expecting the
frog to have gone as ususal. But what did she see??!!! There was no frog, but a very, very handsome
young man lying beside her. Who.. who.. who are you? And what are doing in my bed? My beautiful princess! I have been waiting for you to wake up. But who are you? I am the ugly frog, your friend. For such a long time I have been watching
you from the pond, loving you from far. What!!! Yes, my dear. A very long time ago, a nasty witch cast a
horrible spell on me. She turned me into a frog, and said I would
remain one till someone kissed me. The spell was broken last night when you kissed
me. I ..can’t… believe… this! Now let’s go to your father, the king, so
I can ask for your hand in marriage. If he had not made you keep your promise,
I don’t know when the witch’s spell would have been broken. So the princess and the handsome young prince
went up to the king, where the prince told him his story. And now, Your Majesty, I would like to marry
your daughter and take her with me to my kingdom, where my mother and father must be waiting
for me to return. Of course, young man, it would indeed make
me a very happy man if you married my daughter. Off went the prince with his princess to his
kingdom, where they were welcomed with a lot of joy and rejoicing, living a happy life
thereafter. text An old lady and an old man lived in a little
house by themselves. They had no children, and they felt very lonely
and sad at times. It gets to be so boring with just the two
of us. You are always out in the garden, and I have
nothing to do after I finish my cooking and cleaning
Well, I’m sure you can find some other ways to keep yourself occupied. Hmmmm… I think I will bake something today. I haven’t done that in a long time. That’s a good idea, go ahead and do that. Make something interesting for dinner tonight. Now I have to head out to the garden again
as there are still some more weeds to be pulled out. The old lady decided she would make some gingerbread. She got out all the ingredients she needed,
and kneaded the dough for the gingerbread. (softly humming to herself) Suddenly, she
had an idea. Let me do something fun. I will make the gingerbread in the shape of
a man. A gingerbread man! My husband will be very amused I’m sure. So the old lady rolled out the dough and cut
it out in the shape of a man. Let me see now….one little ball to be shaped
into a mouth, two little chololate chips for eyes, and these pretty red cherries for buttons…… Ah! That’s one handsome gingerbread man. I’m sure he’ll taste as good as he looks. Now, into the oven! The old lady went and sat on her rocking chair,
knitting away while waiting for the gingerbread man to bake. Mmmmmm! I am starting to get the lovely smell of gingerbread. Must be done by now, let me go and check. The old lady put on her oven gloves and went
to open the oven door. But as she did, the gingerbread man got up
from the baking tray and jumped out of the oven. Good heavens!! What was that? Before she realized what was happening, the
gingerbread man ran to the open window, jumped out, and in a second was running down the
garden and out into the street. Hey! Hey! Where do you think you are going? Come right back here! We are supposed to be having you for dinner! Oh no no, I am not your dinner, for you can’t
lay your hands on me. Run, run, as fast as you can. You can’t catch me, I’m the gingerbread
man! The old lady’s husband looked in surprise
at his wife running after a gingerbread man. What’s happening? Stop staring and run and catch that rogue! I had baked him for our dinner! But how did he run out? I will tell you all that later. Quick, catch him before he vanishes! The old man starts running after the gingerbread
man, shouting at him to stop. The old lady cannot catch me, and neither
can you. Run, run, as fast as you can. You can’t catch me, I’m the gingerbread
man! Down the road ran the gingerbread man, with
the old man and lady running behind him. A cow sitting beside the road saw the gingerbread
man and said. Moo, moo. You look so tasty, I want to eat you! Ha ha ha! The old lady and old man cannot catch me. See if you can catch me, you fat thing! Fat thing! You cheeky fellow, just you wait till I catch
you. The cow started running after the gingerbread
man along with the old man and the old lady. Run, run, as fast as you can. You can’t catch me, I’m the gingerbread
man! Along the road they ran, with all the passers by
looking at them in surprise. A little way ahead, a horse that was trotting
along the road stopped to see what was happening. That sure looks like a tasty meal. Neigh neigh! Everyone out of my way! I am going to catch that fellow, and have
him for dinner instead of hay! Oh ho! So now you also want to eat me? Come on, you can also try, but you will have
to start galloping instead of trotting. Ha ha ha. Believe me, you will be having your hay only
for dinner after all! He he he he he! So the horse also joined the old lady, old
man and the cow to try and catch the gingerbread man. The gingerbread man was having a lot of fun
seeing all of them trying to catch him. A little way ahead, he stood by the roadside. Don’t you think you should give up? Let me tell you again. Run, run, as fast as you can. You can’t catch me, I’m the gingerbread
man! Once again the gingerbread man started running,
looking back at all those chasing him with a big grin on his face. A little way ahead was a big fat pig walking
along with its piglets. When it saw the gingerbread man, it said. Oink Oink. That guy sure smells good, should be a good
treat for my little piggies. Oink oink, wait, wait, I want to have a word
with you. No you don’t, you want to make a meal of
me, and that is not going to happen, you stinking thing! What! How dare you, you rude fellow! I will show you! Come on, piggies, let’s catch him and eat
him. Oink oink, oink oink! And so the pig and piglets also joined the
rest to try and catch the gingerbread man. Up ahead there was a farm, and near the fence
was a big brown hen. When she saw the gingerbread man, she said. You look so yummy! May I have a nibble? (in a soft voice)
May I have a nibble? (imitating). No you may not, but you can always try. Come, join the merry procession. Ha ha ha ha ha! Run, run, as fast as you can. You can’t catch me, I’m the gingerbread
man! Oh, what a sight it was! There was the old man and old lady trundling
along, the cow and the pig waddling along, the horse galloping along, and the hen running
and flapping her wings with a loud sound! I think I’ve had enough fun. No way are those slow coaches going to catch
up with me, so I’ll just look around for some place to rest. Phew! All that running has really tired me out. A liittle farther away, there was a river
flowing gently. The gingerbread man wanted to go across to
the other side, but if he fell in the water, he would become all soggy! As he was thinking of what to do, he heard
a voice. Want me to take you across? The gingerbread man looked around, and saw
a fox sitting against a rock. You think I’m a fool? You also want to eat me like the rest of them. Eat you? A measly looking fellow like you? You are not even enough as a starter, forget
a whole meal. The fox was a very, very wily fellow. He knew the gingerbread man could run very
fast, and he was too lazy to run after him. Then why would you want to be so good to me? I am not being good to you. I was going to cross the river anyway, so
I thought you could hop on to my back and I would take you across. Er… Decide fast, I don’t have the whole day. Okay. What would you want in exchange? I’ll tell you that when we cross over. Come on, on my back. When they were half way across, the fox told
the gingerbread man. I’m feeling a bit uncomfortable. I think it would be better if you perch yourself
on my neck. The gingerbread man crawled on to the fox’s
neck. Ah, that’s better. After a while, the fox started moving its
neck and told him. Oooh! My neck has started paining. I think it would be better if you sit on my
snout. The gingerbread thought he was very smart,
but he couldn’t guess what was going on in the cunning fox’s mind. As before, it did what the fox told him to. There! Are you okay now? This was the chance the fox had been waiting
for. As soon as the gingerbread man sat on it’s
snout, the fox quickly tossed him up, and caught him in his mouth as he fell. And there ended the tale of the gingerbread
man. Belch. Ha! Thought he was smarter than me! text Once upon a time, a little old woman and a
little old man lived in a cottage near a river. One morning the little old woman decided to
bake a gingerbread man as a little afternoon treat. As she rolled out the dough she cut it into
the shape of a little man. She used icing to give him eyes and a smile,
gumdrops for buttons and a cherry for a nose. She then she put him in the oven to bake. A few minutes later, the little old woman
checked to see if he was cooked. As soon as she opened the door, the gingerbread
man jumped out of the oven, and ran through the open kitchen door. “Don’t eat me!” he shouted. The little old woman was very surprised, but
she was also very hungry, so she called to her husband, and they both ran out the front
door and after the gingerbread man. “Stop!” they yelled. “Please stop!” But the gingerbread man did not look back. He kept running, down the lane and into the
woods, as he sang; “Run, run, as fast as you can! You can’t catch me, I’m the gingerbread
man!” As he entered the woods, the gingerbread man
came across a pig. “Stop!” the pig snorted. “I would very much like to eat you!” The gingerbread man did not stop. Instead he ran right past the pig. I’ve outrun a little old woman, and a little
old man!” and I can outrun you too. “Run, run, as fast as you can! You can’t catch me, I’m the gingerbread
man!” It was not long before the gingerbread man
saw a cow, grazing at the edge of the woods. “Stop, little man!” mooed the cow. “I’m very hungry!” But the gingerbread man was just too fast
for the cow. “I’ve outrun a little old woman, and a
little old man, and a big fat pig!” And I can out run you. “Run, run, as fast as you can! You can’t catch me, I’m the gingerbread
man!” The cow decided to chase the gingerbread man
too, right behind the pig and the little old man and the little old woman. But the gingerbread man was just too fast. A little further on, the gingerbread man came
upon a horse. Stop running!” neighed the horse. “I want to eat you!’ But the gingerbread man did not stop. “I’ve outrun a little old woman, a little
old man, a big fat pig, and a lazy cow! And I’ll outrun you too!” “Run, run, as fast as you can! You can’t catch me, I’m the gingerbread
man!” Of course, the horse did not like being taunted,
so he too chased the gingerbread man, behind the cow, the pig and the little old man and
the little old woman. But still, the gingerbread man ran even faster. Soon he came to a rushing river. “Oh no!” “If I get wet, I’ll melt. But if I don’t, they’ll catch me! What do I do?” Just then a sneaky fox appeared and said,
“I can help you cross the river,” “Climb onto my back, and I’ll swim across.” The gingerbread man did not trust the fox. “Do you promise you won’t eat me?” “Of course I won’t eat you,” “I just
want to help you.” The gingerbread man decided that trusting
the fox was better than being caught by the horse, the cow, the pig and the little old
man and the little old woman, so he climbed up onto the fox’s back, and together they
swam across the river. They were about halfway there when the fox
said, “I’m getting tired. You should climb up onto my head.” So the gingerbread man did. They were about three-quarters of the way
there when the fox said, “I’m getting tired again... you should climb onto my nose.” So the gingerbread man did. They reached the other side of the river,
and before the gingerbread man could climb down, the fox flicked his nose and tossed
the gingerbread man high into the air. He opened up his mouth as wide as he could.....,and
CHOMP, CHOMP, CHOMP! And that was the end of the gingerbread man. The End text An old lady and an old man lived in a little house by themselves they had no children and they felt very lonely and sad at times. It gets so boring with just the two of us you are always out in the garden and I have nothing to do after i finish my cooking and cleaning. Well I'm sure you can find some other ways to keep yourself occupied. Hmm i think i will bake something today, I haven't done that in a long time. That's a good idea go ahead and do that. Make something interesting for dinner tonight, now i have to head out to the garden again is there are still some more weeds to be pulled out. The old lady decided she would make some gingerbread, she got out all of the ingredients she needed and kneaded the dough for the gingerbread softly humming to herself. Suddenly she had an idea, let me do something fun i will make the gingerbread in the shape of a man a gingerbread man, my husband will be very amused I'm sure. So the old lady rolled out the dough and cut it out in the shape of a man let me see now, one little ball to be shaped into a mouth, two little chocolate chips for eyes and these pretty red cherries for buttons. Oh that's one handsome gingerbread man. I'm sure he'll taste as good as he looks, now into the oven. The old lady went sat on her rocking-chair knitting away while waiting for the gingerbread man to bake. Hmm I'm starting to get the lovely smell of gingerbread, must be done by now, let me go and check. The old lady put on your oven gloves and went to open the oven door. But as she did the gingerbread man got up from the baking tray and jumped out of the oven. Good heavens what was that? Before she realized what was happening the gingerbread man ran to the open window jumped out and in a second was running down the garden and out into the stream. Hey where do you think you're going, come right back here, we are supposed to be having you for dinner. Oh no no I am not your dinner, for you can't let your hands on me run ran as fast as you can can't catch me, am a  gingerbread man The old lady's husband looked in surprise and his wife running after a gingerbread man, what's happening? Stop staring and run and catch that rogue, i had baked him for our dinner, but how did he run out?  I will tell you all that later. Quick catch him before he vanishes. The old man starts running after the gingerbread man shouting at him to stop. Your lady cannot catch me, nor can you. Run run as fast as you can, you can't catch me, I'm a gingerbread man. Down the road ran the gingerbread man with the old man and the lady running behind him, a cow sitting beside the road saw the gingerbread man and said, you look so tasty I want to eat you. The old lady and old man cannot catch me see if you can catch me, you fat thing. Fat thing, you cheeky fellow, just you wait till I catch you. The cow started running after the gingerbread man along with the old man and the old lady. Run,run  as fast as you can you can't catch me I'm the gingerbread man Along the road they ran, with all the passer byes looking at them in surprise. A little way ahead a horse that was trotting along the road stopped to see what was happening. That looks like a a tasty meal everyone out of my way I'm going to catch that fellow and have him for dinner instead of hay. Ho Ho so you also want to eat me come on you can also try but you'll have to start galloping instead of trying he leave me you will be having your hey only for dinner after all so the horse also join the old lady old band and the cow to try and catch the gingerbread man the gingerbread man was having a lot of fun seeing all of them trying to catch him a little way ahead he stood by the roadside don't you think you should give up let me tell you again run run as fast as you can you can't catch me I'm the gingerbread man once again the gingerbread man started running looking back at all those chasing him with a big grin on his face a little way ahead was a big fat pig walking along with its piglets when it saw the gingerbread man it said nice or smells good should be a good treat for my little piggies wait wait I want to have a word with you no you don't you want to make a meal of me that is not going to happen you stinking thing what how dare you rude fellow i will show you come on piggies let's catch him and eat him and so the pig and piglets also joined the rest to try and catch the gingerbread man up ahead there was a farm and near the fence was a big clown hen when she saw the gingerbread man she said you look so yummy  May I have a nibble? May I have a nibble?  no you may not but you can always try Come, join the merry procession. Run, run, as fast as you can.  You can’t catch me, I’m the gingerbread man oh what a sight it was there was the old man and the old lady trundling along the cow and the pig waddling along the horse galloping along and the hen running and flapping her wings with a loud sound I think I’ve had enough fun. No way are those slow coaches going to catch up with me just look around for some place to rest running has really tired me out a little farther away there was a river flowing gently the gingerbread man wanted to go across to the other side but if you fell in the water he would become all soggy as he was thinking of what to do he heard a voice want me to take you across the gingerbread man looked around and saw a fox sitting against a rock you think I'm a fool you also want to eat me like the rest of them Eat you?  A measly looking fellow like you? you are not even enough as a starter forget a whole meal the Fox was a very very wily fellow he knew the gingerbread man could run very fast and he was too lazy to run after him and why would you want to be so good to me i am not being good to you I was going across the river anyway so I thought you could hop on my back and I would take you across decide fast i don't have the whole day okay what would you want in exchange I'll tell you that when we cross over come on on my back when they were half way across the fox told the gingerbread man I'm feeling a bit uncomfortable i think it would be better if you put yourself on my neck the gingerbread man crawled onto the Fox's neck ah that's better after a while the Fox started moving its neck and told him oh my neck has started painting and I think it would be better if you sit on my snout the gingerbread man thought he was very smart but he couldn't guess what was going on in the cunning Fox's mind as before it did what the Fox told him There!  Are you okay now? this was the chance the Fox had been waiting for as soon as the gingerbread man sat on its snout the Fox quickly tossed him up and caught him in his mouth as he fell and their ended the tale of the gingerbread man no body was smarter than me text Once upon a time there was a father wolf who went out into the woods to hunt for his family When in the woods, he suddenly heard a sound Looking around he noticed a tiny baby in between the bushes “This is a human baby” said the wolf with a big surprise He took the baby home out of harms way Watching from a distance, Shere Khan the tiger got very upset because he was the one who stole the baby from the humans Mother wolf and her cubs loved this little baby very much "We will call him Mogli from now on" said mother wolf From that day on, Mogli started to live with his wolf siblings in the woods Mother wolf took very good care of him like he was one of her own In a short time Mogli became friends with all the animals He played games and hung around the trees with them At the same time he got to know the jungle During all that time, Shere Khan the Tiger kept watching Mogli from a distance and waited for an opportunity to grab and kidnap him One day, the wise wolf Akela, Baloo the bear and Bagheera the panther came together and started to talk about Mogli “Human babies are very smart. Lets bring him up like a jungle boy Baloo and Bagheera, you will protect him and teach the rules of the jungle” said Akela Years went by fast Baloo the bear was very attentive with his new student He taught him how to look for nuts and honey climbing the trees Mogli listened to Baloo’s teachings with all ears Everyday he climbed a higher tree and started to feed himself Baloo also taught him how to understand the sounds of the jungle He was proud of his student Mogli was running very fast and swimming very good And Bagheera taught him how to identify the traps humans set up for the animals and how to avoid them One day a cub wolf ran into one of these traps Shere Khan the Tiger wanted to hunt this cub wolf and make him his lunch... But acting before the tiger, Mogli saved the cub from the trap Shere Khan the tiger lost once again Baloo also taught Mogli the magic words he can use when there is a danger in the jungle In a very short time Mogli learned these words by heart Mogli  would not be harmed by any animal in the jungle Realising that he was not going to be able to catch Mogli alone Shere Khan went next to Banderlogs, the most dangerous animals in the jungle He told them about Mogli If Mogli teaches us everything he knows, we’ll become the wisest animals in the jungle One day, when Mogli was making a shelter to protect himself from the storm the Banderlogs were watching from where they were hiding They decided to kidnap him when the opportunity came At sunset Mogli was kidnapped by two monkeys and brought into the hills where the jungle was at its thickest The little boy found himself in the middle of the Banderlogs When Mogli realised that he was kidnapped by the monkeys He started to think... He had to reach Baloo and Bagheera and let them know... Suddenly he noticed Chil the Vulture flying up above in the sky He remembered the magic words Baloo taught him... “We are the same blood...you and I” Hearing these words, Chil the Vulture immediately realised that Mogli wasn’t a stranger and that he was in trouble “I am little Mogli. Could you let Baloo and Bagheera know that I am kidnapped?” “Of course I will Mogli” answered Chil the Vulture and flew off to deliver the message to Mogli’s friends Banderlogs brought Mogli to their cold cave the monkey town This place was a place in the deep jungle that humans abandoned years ago Even though Mogli attempted to runaway, the Banderlogs outnumbered and caught him Finding out about Mogli’s kidnapping Baloo and Bagheera asked Kaa the Giant Snake for help to save Mogli They all came to the monkey town and hid behind a giant statue From their hideout they could see Mogli and hundreds of monkeys around him They started to wait for the perfect moment to take Mogli out of there At the right moment Kaa said “Now is the time. Let’s Go” Bagheera silently moved to catch the monkeys Then he started to punch the monkeys surrounding Mogli with his powerful claws Banderlogs ran around screaming with fear And one of the called the others for help Suddenly Bagheera was surrounded with lots of Monkeys Some other monkeys grabbed Mogli and put him in a room with closed walls Mogli could hear Bagheera fighting with the monkey He remembered the water storage under the ruins of the city And he knew that the monkeys were afraid of water “Bagheera, run and jump in the water” Bagheera ran and jumped straight into the water Baloo was also attacked by the monkeys They started to fight and Baloo was hitting Banderlogs with his front claws to protect himself He was trying his best but there were too many of the Banderlogs and it was impossible for Baloo to fight them by himself And Bagheera was helplessly watching him from the water, feeling very bad that he could not help his friend... When Baloo was struggling with the monkeys, suddenly Kaa came out When Kaa started to hit all the monkeys with his giant tail, the monkeys ran away with fear The monkeys were always afraid of Kaa. None of them could face him in a fight So when they started to run away in the depths of the jungle, Baloo was finally free But when Kaa opened his mouth and blew all the monkeys stood still Their voices suddenly went away and it suddenly became all quiet Taking this opportunity, Bagheera jumped out of the water Mogli yelled from the tower he was trapped in I am here, trapped in the tower Kaa swung his mighty tail and managed to brake the walls of the tower Freed from the walls, Mogli threw himself out Baloo hugged him with love You ok Mogli? Yes I am, but I am very hungry and tired... You all have risked your lives to save me... Thank you from the bottom of my heart Mogli was also very happy to see Kaa on his side I owe you my life Kaa, thank you! Mogli, Baloo and Bagheera said goodbye to Kaa and head to their homes Shere Khan the tiger realised that he could never harm someone who had such powerful friendships and moved back into the depths of the jungle never to return A long time passed and Mogli grew up to become a young man One day he went close to the village where humans lived He met a woman who immediately recognized him She realised that he was the son which was kidnapped by a tiger many years ago She put the little boy next to her in Mogli’s arms Mogli was very surprised because this little boy was looking very much like Mogli’s own childhood But then He also realised that this little boy was his brother and the lady was his mother Baloo, Bagheera and Kaa were all watching them "From now on you’ll be next to your family Mogli" "Whenever you need us ..ssss…You know the magic words ssss?" "You are our brother. Don't forget how much we love you! Goodbye dear Mogli" His dear friends said their farewells to Mogli... Mogli lived happily ever after with his family But never did he forget the ones who raised him, his family in the jungle... text Lucky cat If the other boys hadn’t come she would have lost the fight She should have just run away  instead of fighting with such a big dog.  She was bound to lose against a dog. I don’t think so Tofu Dogs are more powerful than cats, Tia Maybe so  But when you have courage and fight with intelligence you can win against anyone. Once in the heart of a thick jungle lived a little boy called Mowgli He did not belong to the jungle as he was a human child Yet, he grew up with a family of wolves His mother, Raksha cared for him as she cared for her other pups.  Careful Mowgli, or you’ll fall off the ridge! No ma! I won’t! See you later! And so Mowgli took off into the jungle to find his friend and teacher Bagheera When Mowgli had been a small baby no more than a year old, he had been found  and saved from the forest fire by Bagheera Of course no body knew who Mowgli was  but they always believed he came from the man village  at the outskirts of the jungle Bagheera had handed over Mowgli to the wolves  so that he could have a family to grow up with Since then Mowgli had learned the ways of the jungle from his family and his friends Bagheera and Baloo He ran like them  hunted like them climbed trees like them  and also spoke like them Hello Bagheera! What are you going to teach me today?  I won’t be teaching you today Today, Baloo has something planned for you. Let’s go fishing in the river Hello Baloo! Let me get a stick to make a spear for fishing You don’t need a spear to fish. But it makes it easier.  You can’t do it like that Mowgli.  That is not our way Then how is it that I know how to make a spear Baloo?  Who taught me that?  As usual Bagheera and Baloo did not have an answer to Mowgli’s questions The forest fire had started and destroyed the man village And nobody lived there for a long time Bagheera had tried many times to find someone to return the child to but no one was there When the village settled again, the men put sharp barbed wire fences  and laid traps to keep the animals at bay Although, the animals couldn’t understand why All creatures of the jungle had always maintained a safe distance from the humans They never meant any harm to them In any case, the fences and traps made it impossible for Bagheera  to return the child back to the human world. Okay… we will do it without a spear. Let’s go The trio set off to the riverbank  where, Baloo showed Mowgli how to catch fish without a spear Baloo would swiftly duck his head into the water and come out with fish in his mouth Mowgli gave it several tries  before he was successful The day passed in the lesson and they decided to head back to the wolf pack They had almost reached home when Bagheera alerted the other two There was someone in the bushes ahead in the far right Soon the others could see a pair of fierce eyes with a scar  that ran across the left one emerging from the bushes.  Then the whole figure stepped ahead.  Run Mowgli! Run! Immediately Baloo and Mowgli took off towards home leaving Bagheera to fight the large villainous tiger, Sherkhan. Bagheera and Sherkhan immediately leapt at each other. Sherkhan hadn’t expected Bagheera to be so strong and was taken by surprise  when he managed to throw Sherkhan against a large tree The elders of wolf pack soon joined them Sherkhan knew he was injured and outnumbered.  You might have saved him today But the human belongs to me. I will come back for him!  Sherkhan!  What are you doing here! This is not your territory.  No territory can keep me out And the next time I come I will not spare anyone who stands in my way!  The jungle knew that Sherkhan’s threats were not to be taken lightly And soon worry spread in the wolf pack regarding Mowgli’s stay  and the pack’s future  I can defend myself I will not let any harm come to my family and friends. I know a way to put an end to this Mowgli gathered Bagheera and Baloo I know how I came to the jungle!  I have seen Sherkhan’s eyes only one time before in my life He had attacked our village when I was small To scare him, the elders used to fire  but he took me and escaped  and the whole village caught fire When my father followed him to save me, he killed my father That is why the villagers have put traps and fences now Yes, but now we will stop Sherkhan forever! We know where he sleeps in the day at the foot of the small mountain on the other side of the river The bulls feed on the grassy slopes of that mountain If we can scare them to run down the mountain, Sherkhan won’t stand a chance.  That is a good plan Mowgli The trio assured the others that they had found a way-out of their troubles And by tomorrow night, all will be fine.  Early next morning, the three set off for the mountain They went around it and climbed it from the other side  so that no one could see them coming Once on top of it, they could see the bulls eating the grass.  The three leapt at the quiet bulls and rushed towards them screaming so loudly  that the bulls got scared and started running down the hill to escape from them The plan was working!  The whole mountainside shook and rumbled under the stamping of the bulls This woke up Sharekhan. He saw the bulls rushing towards him There were scores of them. Scared, he started running away from them He is trying to get away! I won’t let him! Mowgli took to the tress and swung himself from branches of one tree to another On the other side Sherkhan couldn’t keep ahead of the bulls Their sharp horns poked him and he got trampled under their feet One would have died But Sherkhan wasn’t an ordinary tiger He was evil and trickery was his second nature.  He latched onto the horns of one bull and tugged at him Agitated, the bull threw him aside and over the side of the plateau!  Sherkhan held to the edges of the plateau and started climbing up He had almost made it when a small tree trunk hit him in the face He lost his grip and fell to his death. It was Mowgli He had reached the spot and found a small tree uprooted by the bull's stampede With his quick thinking, he had thrown Sherkhan to his end He had saved himself and protected the entire jungle from the tyranny of this villain Bagheera, Baloo and Mowgli returned to the wolf pack  where everyone rejoiced on hearing what had happened.  So you see Tofu to win, you don’t always have to be the strongest If you have courage and think intelligently you can win against anyone! Yes Tia! Now I understand what you meant! Shall we go down and play with our friends now? Yes! Let’s go! text         hello friend my name is Paula I'm going to tell you the story about
the legend of Bamako listen Long, long ago,  there was a time when
the night was black dark  and impenetrable,  as  the moon did not
shine yet.  There, in the village  of Kikamo lived a young girl called Bamako She was very beautiful, polite and
friendly. She loved  her parents dearly and like her
village very much. All of its inhabitants held  her
in high regard and respected her  with almost reverence The village people admired her  big, beautiful, serene eyes  that shone  like the sun in all its glory One day, soldiers from the distant inhospitable lands in the north, attacked
Bamako´s village and  all the others that surrounded it. Cunning, ferocious, cruel and bloodthirsty they fought  only at night.  They attacked by surprise under  the cover of darkness, and hid during the day  Bamako´s friends fought them bravely,  but
they did not know how to fight at night They had never been taught. Nor was  there anyone in the neighboring villages who
knew;  no one was used to fighting at night  After  long nights of fierce fighting, all were in danger of
losing their lives to their  vicious  enemies  who had no qualms about taking  the lives 
of innocent people One night, while Bamako slept deeply,
the  God N´Togini appeared¨ in her dreams,  and said: "Bamako"  if you want to save your
people you must follow my advice . My son Djambe  who lives in the cave on the banks of the river, has been
deeply in love with you for a long time . if you agree to marry him,  he will take
you into the sky where  you will shine like a star every
night That way your village will not
have to fight  in the darkness because you will light up their nights Thanks to you ,together they will defeat their enemies And Bamako asked.  So what should I do? The god N´Togini explained: At night, when the sun goes down go up to
the big rock that is above the cave and throw
yourself into the river. Do not be afraid. Djambe will be there to
receive you and he will protect you .Nothing will
happen to you Believe me, I give you my word Bravely, Bamako followed the god´s  
instructions without hesitation and set off on her way She climbed the rock and jumped into the
void. Djambe caught her and delicately carried
her to the sky just as his father had promised Then something incredible happened. A miracle occurred. When the sun disappeared beneath the horizon  Bamako´s shining in  face appeared in the 
darkness of the night. The  glow of her large eyes illuminated everything with the most brilliant light  you could imagine That night, the villagers  fought like
never before and won a  resounding  victory.  They drove 
their enemies back to the land from  whence they came  and they never returned . Ever since that night. Bamako´´s bright and beautiful  face appears every night in the sky,shining like a
star text Tia… aren’t you going to your friend’s party? No, Tofu Mummy has asked me to stay home with you tonight  because she and Papa will be returning home late Oh, no!  I am sorry Tia. Because of me you can’t go to your party Its okay Tofu Sometime, we have to sacrifice things for the ones we love.  Just like the Little Mermaid.  Little Mermaid?  Is it a story?  Tell me, Tia! Please! Once upon a time there was a sea kingdom at the bottom of the sea The King of the Seas had six beautiful daughters who were mermaids They were all very beautiful But the youngest of them was the prettiest of them all She had a gentle face, big round eyes  and a voice sweeter than anyone else’s in the world When the little mermaid turned 15 years old her grandmother called her to her room.  Come, my darling Today you have turned 15.  And from now onwards, you can go to the world above Just remember the people above are very different from us They do not have a beautiful fishtail like us, instead they have two legs.  Thank you Grandmother I have waited for this day for so long When I return, I will tell you about everything I see above That night the little mermaid went to the surface of the water The sight of the stars and the cool breeze that touched her face, took her breath away She was just getting used to the feeling  when she saw a big ship cross in front of her Aboard it were many men  and they were celebrating the birthday of the young Prince who had just turned 16 The little mermaid was mesmerized with the handsome looks of the prince She couldn’t take her eyes off him as the ship sailed past her.  She was so lost in him that she did not notice the storm build up in the sky and the sea begin to rage The ship had only sailed a little further when the storm shook it up. The sailors tried to steer it to safety but many men including the Prince fell into the sea.  The little mermaid rushed to him  and saved him from drowning She took him ashore. Don’t worry! You are safe. Open your eyes But the Prince lay unconscious. The mermaid decided to get help When she couldn’t get any, she came back to where the Prince was. She saw him surrounded by many people. A beautiful Princess was kneeling by him as others worked to awaken him. The Prince opened his eyes  and the little mermaid was relived that her Prince will be saved now You save my life, thank you The Prince knew nothing about the little mermaid He didn’t even know that it was she who had actually saved his life This broke the mermaid’s heart She went back to her father’s home She told her sisters and grandmother, what had happened.  Forget him child Humans and we are very different. To be with him forever you will have to get him to love you more than anything else he loves in the world Even more than his own parents.   How will that ever happen? Think about it But the little mermaid could not forget the handsome Prince Every night she visited the spot where she had laid him after saving his life One day she decided to visit the witch in her father’s kingdom Maybe she knew a way that the mermaid could be with the Prince. Yes, there is a way!  I can send you to the land above the sea You will lose your fishtail and have legs If, by the second sunset you can get the Prince to love you more than he loves his parents then you can be with him forever Otherwise you will die and become foam in the sea But, in return you must give me your voice.  But without my voice, how will I make the Prince fall in love with me? You still have your pretty face and eyes.  You will also be the most beautiful dancer any one has ever seen.  Now go!  In a flash the mermaid found herself on the land Her fishtail turned into human legs It caused her pain but she could not even scream  because the witch had taken her voice away Somehow the mermaid made her way to the Prince’s castle There was a big celebration going on there But the guards would not let the mermaid enter because they didn’t know who she was  and she couldn’t answer them when they asked her about it.  So she was not allowed to enter. Somewhere in the castle, music started playing Remembering what the witch had said about dancing little mermaid started dancing.  Oh! I have never seen anyone dance so beautifully Maybe she has come to dance for the Royal family in the celebrations.  Oh! She is a dancer, let me take her to the court Once the mermaid reached the royal court she saw that the celebration was for the wedding of the Prince Little mermaid was heart broken She thought the only way of meeting the Prince now would be to dance and draw his attention towards her And so, she performed a beautiful dance for the Royal family When the Prince saw her, he came up to her Hello young lady, I have seen you in my dreams.  Who are you?  In his heart, the Prince hoped that she would be the one  who had saved him from drowning He longed to hear the voice that had saved him when he was dying.  But no sound came out when the little mermaid tried to reply. Forgive me. I think I am confused between you and someone else But, please do join us. The Prince led her to the ship on which the wedding was going to take place Many people spoke to her but she could not answer anyone The Princess was especially kind to her and took special care of her.   I know you saved the Prince that day Thank you, because of you, I have found the love of my life Please always stay with us The little mermaid saw that the Princess and the Prince loved each other and were very happy together She decided not to pursue the Prince anymore he belonged to another woman Although her heart ached to let him go she happily attended the wedding and all the celebrations that went on throughout the next day Soon it was evening The second sunset was about to happen The little mermaid knew, she would die and become foam on the sea.   As she stood there looking at the Prince and his Princess she heard some voices behind her She turned around to see.  Her sisters were there in the water But all of them had very short hair now instead of the long flowing locks they used to have earlier.  Sisters! What are you doing here?  We have come to save you! We went to the witch. In exchange of our hair she gave us this knife.  If you stab the Prince through his heart before sunset, you can be saved.  Handing the knife to the youngest sister all the other sisters vanished under the water once again The little mermaid stood there, holding the knife to her heart she looked at the newlyweds once again. She knew what she had to do As the sun set, she tossed the knife into the sea Goodbye, my love.  And so, for the happiness of her beloved Prince the little mermaid sacrificed her own life and joined the sea as foam.  Tia! That is such a beautiful story.  It shows how much the little mermaid loved the Prince. Thank you for not going to the party and staying with me That’s because I love you! my little brother I love you too! my darling sister, Tia text Good morning, mother. Where are my princesses? Oh, they are all doing their work. You have brought up my daughters well mother. Yes, they are growing up to be beautiful and
wise mermaids. The six beautiful mermaid princesses come
gliding into the queen’s chamber. Grandma, look at the beautiful things we have
collected. The queen looks at her youngest granddaughter. My child, you do not seem to have brought
back anything. Grandma, the beautiful red flowers outside
the castle give me more pleasure. And I am happiest when you tell me tales of
the wonderful world above the sea. You shall see everything once you turn 15. Oh grandma, that is so long, long away. Till then your sisters will tell you what
they see. When the eldest princess turned 15, she rose
above the sea to see the world beyond. Oh, dear sisters, I swam up a wide river. You cannot imagine the sights I saw! Green hills, magnificent trees and plants! And I even saw little human children! But then a weird creature came running towards
me, making awful noises, and I had to quickly swim away. The children were asking why the dog was barking
so much, so I guess that horrible thing was a dog. Hello grandma. Oh, dear sisters, I lay on a sandbank under
the shining moonlight. I saw glimpses of a town and heard the sounds
of music, and I even saw carriages go past! Soon it was time for the second princess to
see the world. When I rose up, the sun was setting and looked
like a ball of orange fire. Soft clouds floated about lazily, and a flock
of graceful white swans flew past. It was like a dreamland! It was now time for the third princess to
rise to the surface. Soon came time for the fourth princess to
venture forth to see the world. But she was very shy and just stayed in the
ocean. Er, well, I stayed in the middle of the ocean. But I did see some naughty dolphins splashing. There were also some huge whales, but I was
scared to go near them. What!! You really did not go near the land? How can you be so boring? You can see the sea anytime, you silly thing. Then the youngest princess turned 15. Well, my precious, your dream is now going
to be fulfilled. Go, see the world. The princess rose above the sea. Ah! The colour of the sea is like emeralds, the
icebergs look like beautiful pearls. The stars above are glittering like the diamonds
on grandma’s tiara! Soon, the princess’ curiosity was aroused
by a ship afloat nearby. She swam close to it, and every time the waves
lifted her up, she could see the people on the ship. They were singing and dancing, as though celebrating. What beautiful clothes they are wearing! Suddenly, the princess saw the most handsome
young man with beautiful brown eyes. As she was gazing at him, everyone on the
ship started clapping. The princess realized that this grand celebration
was for his sixteenth birthday. Oooooh!! He is sooo good looking, and such a sweet
sixteen to my fifteen! Suddenly, the calm of the sea soon turned
into a restless grumble, and the lashing waves and heavy clouds and lightning indicated a
massive storm brewing up. The huge waves tossed the ship about, and
the ship tilted over. To her dismay, the princess saw the prince
sink into the deep waters. Oh, my darling prince is going down into the
ocean. Maybe I can now live with him. What am I thinking of? Humans cannot live under water! I have to save him. The princess looked frantically all around
and finally spotted the prince. She held him in her slender but strong arms,
swam with him to the surface of the water. Then, keeping his head adrift, she led him
to a beach. The next morning, the sun rose on a once again
calm sea. The prince’s eyes remained closed, but the
sun’s rays brought some color to his ashen cheeks. The princess kissed his high and smooth forehead
and stroked back his wet hair. Suddenly, she heard the chattering of some
young girls, and quickly swam away and hid herself among some high rocks. She watched as one girl approached the prince,
and then went to call others for help. My darling prince is coming to life, how happy
I am! Will he remember how I saved him? The princess slowly made her way to her father’s
castle. She became very quiet, and did not tell her
sisters what had happened. Often she would visit the place where she
had left the handsome prince, but she never saw him and became more sad. Finally, she shared her misery with her sister. Oh, my dear, why did you not share this with
anyone? Don’t worry, we will see what we can do
to help you. Thank you, dear sister. I was afraid you would make fun of me for
falling in love with a human prince. Well, it is very foolish, but you are our
sister and we have to help you. Sisters, my friends know where the prince’s
palace is. What are we waiting for? Let’s go.. The princesses rose to the surface near the
prince’s palace. The palace sure is very beautiful. Ohhh! Those beautiful marble statues! I wish one of them would kiss me! Stop acting silly. Oh, I was just kidding. I think I better take you all back home before
you create any trouble. The princesses reluctantly made their way
back to the castle. Now I know where my darling prince lives,
I can come anytime to see him. I wonder if he remembers I saved his life? The princess now wanted to know more about
humans, so she went to her grandma. Tell me grandma, do humans never die? Silly child, of course humans die. They live shorter lives than us. When we die, we become the foam on the water’s
surface, but humans have immortal souls and only their body dies. Grandma, how can I get an immortal soul? Well, if you found a man who loved you so
much that he would be willing to marry to you, that could happen. But child, the fish tail that you have, which
is considered so beautiful in our world, is considerd ugly in the human world. I will not give up my love so easily. Let me see if the sea witch can help me. Ah! Who do we have here? Come, come, I have been expecting you. (Pause). So, the princess wishes to become a human
to win over the heart of her charming prince. Ha ha ha! Oh madam, please help me. I will give you a magic potion. Swim with it to land tomorrow before sunrise
and drink it on the shore, and you will be transformed into a beautiful and graceful
young lady. Really, will you do that for me? Hold your horses, princess. When your fish tail changes to two human legs,
you will feel a searing pain, and every step you take will feel like you are treading on
sharp knives. Ance you become a human being, you can never
become a mermaid again, never be able to go down to the depths of the sea to see your
family. Oh, I will do anything for my love. My price for granting you this wish would
be your sweet voice. What!!! Oh, how can you be so cruel? Well, I am a witch, you know. How will I tell my prince of my love? You can show your love for him with your expressive
eyes! Thus the princess changed to a human. She had severe pain when it happened, but
her pain seemed to vanish when she saw the prince. And the prince also could not take his eyes
off the beautiful maiden. Where have you come from, pretty lady? The princess could not reply and just stared
at him. You cannot speak? The princess shook her head, and seeing her
pained expression, the prince took her hand. Hey, it’s okay. I can see in your eyes what you are thinking. Come with me to the palace. The mermaid was dressed in beautiful clothes
and precious jewels. The king and queen were enthralled with her
beauty and grace. What a beautiful child, but alas, she cannot
speak. Everyone enjoyed the graceful dance movements
of the princess, which she performed with severe pain. Very often, the princess would catch a puzzled
look on the prince’s face, and one day he asked her. I don’t know why, but you seem very familiar. However, the prince did not show any signs
of recognizing her, and the princess’s hopes began to fade. Soon, she heard the prince was going to marry
the princess of a neighboring kingdom. Oh no! If the prince marries someone else, that will
be the end of my life as a human. The prince’s wedding was to be held on a
ship. The mermaid princess gazed mournfully at the
ocean, and suddenly spotted her sisters, all of them with their heads shorn of their beautiful
tresses, waving wildly at her. What are you all doing here? And what have you all done with your beautiful
hair? We could not see your misery anymore, so we
begged the witch to give you back your voice in exchange for our hair. Thank you so much dear sisters, but the prince
is marrying someone else. You silly girl, go and tell him, you can speak
now. No, I cannot do it, even if it breaks my heart. The princess dove into the ocean, knowing
she would drown as she was no longer a mermaid. Someone saw her jumping and ran to inform
the prince. The prince dove down after her and brought
her up. Now I remember why I thought I knew you! You are the one who saved me in the shipwreck. I love you my darling, and it does not matter
to me if you cannot speak. The prince took the mermaid princess to the
ship. Father, forgive me, but I cannot marry anyone
else. This is my beloved. The prince placed the wedding band on his
beloved’s finger. As soon as he did so, the princess’s melodious
voice returned. My darling, you can speak? Oh, this is the happiest day of my life! Ah! I can now look forward to a wonderful life
with my beloved prince, and see my sisters when they come up from the sea. text The Little Mermaid in the ocean there
was a big world in the Far depth that nobody knew about giant whales happiest
dolphins animals of all colors of the rainbow
further chief we're not even the slightest light could reach in the
deep-sea kingdom the sea people lived in peace with all the other deep-sea
creatures the king of the Seas lived in the deep sea castle with his mother and
six daughters and ruled the Seas the king of the Seas loved his daughters
very much his biggest fear was that one day they would be harmed by the humans
living above the sea that's why it was forbidden for the daughters to swim
above the sea before they were allowed the humans living above the sea on the
land are evil why are the humans evil daddy asked the Little Mermaid because
humans pollute the Seas and kill all the life that's in its the Little Mermaid
was very curious about the life on land especially the humans the stories told
about them by her sisters were not enough her grandmother
warned her about the humans all the time but she could only go out of the Sea
Gate when she earned her crown and grew as old as her sisters The Little Mermaid
gazed after her sisters as they swam away she made a plan to go out of the
deep-sea gate she took her friend the dolphin with her and went to see him
room the whale because human could go out of the deep-sea gate whenever he
pleased she told about her plan to him room him room did not agree with her at
first because he too was very afraid of the king but then he really felt sorry
for her and decided to help the big blue whale and the dolphin made it to the
gate of the kingdom seeing him room the gods immediately
opened the gates the giant whale and his friends dolphin went through the gates
easily after they were out of sight him room the whale opened his giant mouth
and released The Little Mermaid The Little Mermaid swam above the sea
with the help of him room she felt the breeze and saw the blue skies for the
first time in her life right at that moment she heard some music when trying
to find out where it was coming from she noticed a ship a little further out from
her it was her first time seeing the ship this is a ship right let's go her
friend the dolphin warned her not to go but she was already out of sight she
moved as fast as she could towards the ship the ship belonged to the king the
king was having a birthday party for his son he wanted his son to get married as
soon as possible that's why all the candidate princesses were invited to the
party he's a prince but his Illuma warn't at the dolphin The Little Mermaid with her beautiful
voice accompanied the malady Prince was playing with his flute the Prince held
her lovely voice and started to look around be careful little moment they'll
see you warned the dolphin the Little Mermaid
jumped back into the water and disappeared at that moment back in the deep-sea
Kingdom The Witch of the Seas was watching all that was happening from her
crystal ball that day has finally come the daughter of the king of the Seas and
a human left the storms raw the wind blow and a thunder strike all over with
the witch's curse giant waves appeared from nowhere and not able to fight them
back the princes ship started to drift towards the rocks the Little Mermaid was
very worried where she saw the drifting ship in the storm ship is going to fall
apart and sink we have to help them The Little Mermaid Dovan the water right
out of the ship swimming through the shipwrecks she first found the fruit the
prince was playing she then spotted the Prince unconsciously going slowly into
the deep waters she immediately pulled him out of the
water and carried him to shore the prince slowly regained his consciousness
and opened his eyes said the little mermaid with joy hearing dogs barking
from a distance she suddenly realized where she was and jumped back into the
water leaving the prince behind one of the princes men and the princes
candidates came next to him a girl saved me from drowning her voice feels
familiar I heard it before it was the most beautiful voice the little mermaid
swam back to the deep sea Kingdom the princes flute was still in her hand she
could not stop thinking about him right at that moment the king of the Seas came
in and saw the flute in the little mermaids hand he immediately realized
that it was human made we have rules and I expect everyone to obey them
especially my children is it true that you have saved a human from drowning I
had to if I didn't he was going to die and sit back the little mermaid enough
humans bring evil the relations between the sea world and the human world is
strictly forbidden with a big rage of anger the king of the Seas stormed out
the door but the little mermaid still had no intentions to give up
she went next to Naga The Witch of the seas and asked for help
Naga agreed to help but in return she wanted something back something very
valuable I will prepare a mixture that will turn you into a human you'll be
able to walk and dance on your two feet and in return I will have your beautiful
voice my voice but without my voice having no other choice the Little
Mermaid agreed to the witch's terms because she really
was ready to do anything to see the prince again do not forget at the end of
the third day with the fourth sunrise the prince must fall in love with you
otherwise you will return to being a mermaid and forget the prince forever with that last warning the little
mermaid drank the potion she started to swim to the surface but as she swam her
tail started to fade and was replaced with two legs with the help of the
dolphin the little mermaid made it to shore looking from his castle to the
shipwreck the prince noticed the redheaded beauty and ran right next to
her you how we met before yes yes we have The Little Mermaid could
not talk but she handed the flute to the Prince the Prince played the tune again
he had played on the ship once again she nodded her head to tell him that she
recognizes the tune from before I saw you when I was playing this tune on the
deck I heard your voice and then then you save me from drowning
I've been looking for you the prince was sure that it was the Little Mermaid who
saved him but the girl he remembered was a mermaid and had a beautiful voice she
tried to talk but she did not have a voice I thought you were a mermaid
suddenly the Prince started to think that this girl is actually not the one
who had saved him but he still felt sorry for her and decided to help the
prince took the little mermaid to his castle the king ordered for the wedding
preparations to start he was going to with the Prince to one of the candidates
on the ship while the preparations were on the go The Little Mermaid could only
watch but not do anything there was no way she could convince the Prince
without her voice she remembered the witch's words do not forget at the end
of the third day with the fourth sunrise the prince must fall in love with you
otherwise you will return to be a mermaid and forget the prince forever the first two days went by fast and
finally it was the third day on this last day the king and the Queen were
going to Wed their son the prince with the princess of the neighboring kingdom
poor little mermaid she could not explain to the prince that indeed she
was the mermaid he was looking for and the Prince started to believe that all
he saw was nothing but a dream her only hope was her great love for him on the
fourth day the Sun was about to rise the little mermaid was crying with sad tears
but suddenly something unexpected happened first her sisters came ashore
and then a drama followed they were there to help her My dear grandchild we
are here to undo the witch nagas curse the Little Mermaid was very happy but
she did not understand how they could help her
and lastly her father the king of the seats came out of the water his heart
could not bear the sadness of his daughter he also realized that nothing
could stand before true love my dear daughter all I want in this world is
your happiness go to him the king of the Seas directed his one to the seashell in
grandmother's hands in which two little mermaids boys was kept hidden and her
voice came out of the shell and the little mermaids voice came out of the
shell my voice Thank You grandmother thank you daddy I love you all so very
much with him room the whales help they swam to the princess ship as fast as
they could as the prince and the princess were
approaching the altar to say their vows the Prince suddenly stopped he could
hear the little mermaids beautiful voice when he saw the little mermaid coming
towards him on a whale without any hesitation he jumped in the sea I knew it was you with her family and friends help the
Little Mermaid finally was reunited with her voice and the Prince but she was no
longer a mermaid she was going to continue her life as a human the Little
Mermaid and the prince lived happily ever after spreading love peace
friendship on both lands and I see text Hello! Tofu? Hi Tia! Tofu, I need your help I am at school and I'm gonna stay here too late, for the drama club Will you please go over to Mrs. John’s house and water her plants for her and feed her fish? Oh no, Tia!  I don’t want to I’ve just made fresh popcorn for myself and I want to watch some TV at home You don’t have to go right away, Tofu.  You can go after your popcorn is over Okay Hi Tofu.  Was everything okay at Mrs John’s? Mrs John’s? Oh! I didn’t go I didn’t feel like it.  Tofu! How could you?  You told me that you will go.  Yes...but why do I have to do your work, Tia? Let me tell you why Once upon a time a Little Prince lived alone on a comet The comet was his home and he took care of it Every day he cleaned the volcanoes  and trimmed the tree roots One day a seed fell on his comet and grew into a flower You are so beautiful I will always take care of you and protect you And I will call you Rose Thank you!  From then on Rose and the Prince would always spend their time together But as time went by  the Prince stopped liking the fact that Rose always wanted his attention and care He could not understand why she behaved like that He started feeling  he should make more friends And so, he left Rose behind and went around the Universe to make more friends He stopped at the first planet that came his way A King lived alone on that planet.  I am so happy that you came here Now, I have someone to rule over! And so, the King started ordering the Little Prince around The Little Prince was not used to it.  Nobody ever spoke to him like that.  Friends don’t order friends around I must leave this planet and find another friend The Prince left the King’s planet and came to another planet Here he met a very well-dressed man The man lived alone on the planet Welcome, Little Prince I am happy that you have come to my planet Now, I have someone who can admire me! And so, the man kept asking the Prince for compliments for everything When the Prince wouldn’t admire him or praise him for his actions he would get upset with the Prince Friends cannot like each other just because of compliments There must be more to friendship!  I must leave this planet and go find another friend.  The Prince left the second planet and arrived on the third one  where he met an old man who had a lot of books What are all these books? I am a geographer I write about the seas, hills, mountains and plains Tell me about your planet and I will write about it Can you write about Rose and me? I only write about things that last forever Hence, I cannot write about you two The Prince felt sad that he and Rose were not eternal He felt that the Geographer did not care much about him and his friend  and so, he left this planet too  and arrived on one called Earth.  There he met a fox Will you be my friend? You must tame me first. Tame?  What is that? It is where you create a bond with me you care for me and we connect with each other Otherwise, you are just a boy to me like million others and I am just a fox to you The boy understood that that is what Rose had been doing! She was taming me! She was making bonds with me I have made a mistake! I must go back home to my Rose The Prince immediately returned home There he found Rose and hugged her tight.  I will always be with you! I am responsible!  I am sorry, Tia. I did not respect our bonds You always take care of me.  I could have done this for you Its okay, Tofu  I will go there now and we’ll have dinner together Okay Oh, wait! I’ll also come with you and help you Okay! Let’s go together! text once upon a time the animals in a farm
were left with no food the Little Red Hen decided to wander around the field
to look for something to eat she first went next to the cow will you come with
me around the field to find something to eat oh I can't be bothered to walk she then went next to the pig will you help me
find food no I can't calm it's too hard and I can't be bothered to move later
then when next to the dock will you help me find food no I can't it's too hot and
I can't walk when it's hot and in the end went next to the duck will you come
with me to find something to eat no I can't it's too hot I can't get out
of the water when nobody bothered to come with her the hen decided to leave
the farm on her own as she walked she found some wheat grains on the ground she was very happy she returned to the
farm she decided to plant the wheat grains she thought that her friends
would help her cow look I found wheat grains would you like to plant them with
me no I already told you it's too hard the hen went over to the pig big look I
found wheat grains would you like to plant them with me no I can't
the winner is way too hard for this she then went next to the dog dog lug I
found wheat grains would you like to plant them with me no it's way too hot
and at last she went next to the doctor hey Doc I found some wheat grains would
you like to plant them with me all right kid I can't leave the water in this heat
well I'll plant them myself when she saw that no one wanted to help her she
decided to plant them herself weeks had gone by the rainy days had begun the
seeds had sprouted but all the wild grass in the garden needed some cleaning
who's going down and clean the grass it's too muddy now I can't help you I'm
not up to it I won't leave my spot I'll get dirty can't do it don't feel good
today I can't help in that case I'll do it on my own
the Little Red Hen began to clean the wild grass amongst the sprouts not long after the wig began to grow it
was now time to harvest the ripe wheat the hen went next to her friends and
asked if they would help her harvest the crop hey gal Betty weed has grown will
you help me harvest the crop no I conned hey Pig guess what the weed has grown
will you help me harvest the crop no I can't or won't
hey my body dog the weed has grown will you come and help me harvest the crop
who me of course not hey ducky ducky the wheat is grown will you help me harvest
the crop of course I can't okay I'll do it on my own
The Little Red Hen worked till nighttime she harvested the wheat kernels one by
one all by herself it was now time to turn the wheat to flour off she went to
ask for help from her friends hey guys we must grind the wheat to make flour
who would like to help me I can't help it's time for me to give milk
I can't move from my sport I can't help either it's nap time for me I can't help
at all can't help not to get a quart of water and cool down the hen ground the
wheat in the mill and turned it into flour now let's make some delicious
bread the hen went next to her friends and wanted to give them one last chance
cow I'm going to make bread would you like to help me
no Vikon time in no situation to work what about you Pig not today I'm too
tired to have today no no I can't no I can't
and besides I don't know how to make bread this time the hen was very
angry all by herself she went to the kitchen first she made bread with the
flour she had grounded then she gave it a form and a last put it in the oven and
waited for it to bake after the amazing smell of the bread had spread she took
it out of the other went out to the garden and set on the table later called
out to her friends hey guys the bread is ready who would like to eat it with me
seeing the amazing bridge in front of the hen in a flash they all went next to nords on ob2 right I'm so hungry great
timing hen hey me too and I love what come on let's eat no I can't I can't I
did everything on my own only I deserve to eat it all on my own
with great appetite the hen began to eat her bread but couldn't handle the fact
that her friends were so hungry from now on if you promise to help I will share
my bread with you all the farmyard animals were ashamed and sorry they knew
she was right the hen knew her friends learnt a good
lesson so she shared her bread with them with an amazing appetite they were now
so happy with a full tummy text Paper Puppet Playhouse presents Little Red Hen The sun was bright and shining in the farmyard and all the animals were
enjoying the warm summer day The cat lounged by the wooden fence The duck dozed off in his favorite haystack [snoring] and the pig settled into the mud puddle Suddenly, the little red rushed in, full of excitement Oh, how excited I am! Do you know what this is? Uh, your wing? No no no, cat This is a wheat seed The pig, the cat, and the duck had nothing to say If we plant this seed and care for it well, 
it will grow into wheat The pig, the cat, and the duck still had nothing to say Who shall help me plant the seed? Not I, said the cat Not I, said the duck Not I, said the pig Then I shall plant it myself And so she did While the cat, the duck, and the pig laze
under the warn sun, the Little Red Hen planted the wheat seed all by herself In time, the little wheat seed grew into a
stand of wheat Woohoo, look I planted the seed, cared for it well, and the wheat seed grow into wheat What a surprise Now, who shall help me thresh the wheat? Not I, said the cat Not I, said the duck Umm...what does 'thresh' mean? Threshing means to separate the grains of the wheat from the leaves and stems, pig Oh, not I I have a blister said the pig Then I will do it myself And so she did While the cat, the duck, and the pig 
lazed in the warm sun, the little red hen threshed the wheat all by herself Whew...that's done Now who will help me grind the wheat into flour? Not I said, the cat Not I, said the duck Mmm...that sounds like work Not I, said the pig Then I will do it myself And so she did While the cat, the duck, and the pig lazed
under the warm sun, the little red hen ground the wheat grains into flour, 
all by herself I'm pretty sure I know the answer to the question, but I will ask anyway Who will help me bake the flour into bread? Not I, said the cat Not I, said the duck Not I, said the pig Mmm...it's time for a nap Then I will do it myself...again And so she did...again While the cat, the duck, and the pig lazed
in the warm summer sun, Hey, it's what we do best Now, who will help me eat this fresh, warm, tasty bread? Mmm...I will Oh...uh...I will Uh, I will I'm here to help. Yes, I am No, you will not Not even a bite? Not even a crumb? Not even a nibble? I did all the work and so I will eat the warm tasty bread 
with my baby chicks And so she did Next time I ask for help, do your share of the work and earn your share 
of the bread It's the fair thing to do I will, said the cat I will, said the duck Are you sure there isn't a teeny tiny crumb left? I will, said the pig And so they did The duck helped prep the soil, And the cat helped plant the seed Even the pig helped little red hand in the planting And they all got to watch their wheat crops 
grow big and strong Together The end It's me, Marvie, from Sesame Studios Wow, Super Simple TV, that was a really fun show! It reminds me of my friends Elmo and Cookie Monster 
at Sesame Street Did you know Sesame Street has a YouTube channel? You should check it out It's one of my favorite channels text Tofu,  its your friend, Kim. She needs some help from you. Tell her, I’ll call later. Kim, Tofu will call you back. Why didn’t you talk to her Tofu? I’m watching TV. I don’t want to talk to her right now. But she needed your help! That’s okay. If it's urgent she can call someone else. She’s called the second time and you’ve refused to talk to her. That’s mean Tofu. Especially because I remember how she was always there when you needed help from her. What difference does it make? Hear it for yourself. it was Christmas Eve and Marie  was waiting for her Uncle Peter. Each year he gave her a present on this day. Hello, Marie! Wish you a Merry Christmas! Thank you, Uncle! Merry Christmas to you too! Wow!! it’s a Nutcraker! It's so lovely. Let me put it in the cabinet with my other toys. That night when Marie was sleeping a sound woke her up. What’s that!  Mice! So many of them! Marie saw that there were many many mice running around on the floor of her room. and there was a stranger, that was the mice queen who had seven heads! Oh, no! Am I dreaming! How can this be? Marie is in trouble! Friends let’s go to her rescue. The brave Nutcracker spoke to all the soldiers that stood with him in the cabinet. The soldiers found courage in the Nutcracker’s charge and they drew out their swords and jumped out of the cabinet. All of them attacked the mice with their swords guns  and sugar cannons. But soon the nutcracker was surrounded by mice. I’m surrounded! I can’t free myself! Oh, no! The Nutcracker! Seeing the Nutcracker surrounded Marie took one of her shoes and sent it flying at the mice. But before she could see what happened, she fainted. The next morning, she woke up  and found herself in her own bed. She tried explaining to everyone what had happened but no one believed her. Oh, why won’t anyone believe me? I saw the mice and their seven-headed queen with my own eyes! I even saved the Nutcracker! I believe you Marie I believe everything you’ve just said. I’ll tell you an interesting story about the Nutcracker toy.   About my toy? Yes. Many years ago there lived a Mice Queen in the Toy land’s  King’s palace One day, she lost seven of her sons to the traps laid by the King’s men in the castle. Oh, no! The angry Queen cursed the Princess and turned her into an ugly Princess. The spell could be broken only if she could break the hardest nut. The poor Princess  What happened then, uncle? The Nutcraker Prince helped the Princess break the hardest nut. As soon as he had done that, the spell was lifted off the Princess. However, the spell shifted on to the Prince and he became ugly. The Princess must have felt so sad. Quite the opposite. She forgot all about the Prince how he had helped her and she chased him away. Later, Marie went to her room  and looked at the Nutcracker. She now looked at him in a different light. And before she knew, she loved him. One day, the doorbell rang very early morning. Marie went to see who it was. It was a very handsome young boy. Hello  how can I help you? Hello, Marie. I am the Prince of Toy land. How can that be? You were cursed by the mice Queen to be an ugly Nutcraker! Your true love towards me has lifted the spell off me and made me handsome once again. Will you marry me? Yes! Marie said yes and became the Princess of Toy land. She lived with the Prince happily ever after! I’m being the Princess who forgot the Nutcraker Prince. Am I not? Absolutely, Tofu! Kim’s always been there to help you and now when she needs your help you are ignoring her. oh... I feel terrible about the way I have behaved. Let me call up Kim and help her. Don’t forget to apologise to her! Thanks, Tia. I won’t forget. text The Princess and the Pea is an
interesting story. The overly picky Prince determined to
find a true princess and the pea in the bed... uhh never mind
anyway! Odd tale indeed.  Let's look at how this story should have ended. Shall we? Oh Mother. I fear I shall never find a true princess that is truly true. and now it's beginning to rain. Woe is
me. Don't despair my darling dear, you deserve a princess. as true as can be.  And while the picky prince was at his whiniest and the storm had reached its stormiest... There came a knock at the castle's front door  The Prince opened the door to find the soggiest, muddiest, least princess-iest looking young woman he had ever seen. Hello.  Yes?  I got separated from my traveling companions during this terrible storm. May I please come in out of the rain?  I'm sorry, but we are only allowing entrance to true princesses. Good day!  but the woman at the door would not give
up! She knocked even louder this time. Yes? I am a true princess. Please let me come
in out of the rain. The prince was confused. Could this soggy, muddy... now grumpy young woman truly be a true
princess? Of course you can come in, muddy. I mean, my dear. Oh thank you, I'm so tired, drenched,
and hungry. I've barely slept all on this trip.  What I really need is shelter for the night. But mother, she's... Of course, of course! why don't you get something to eat and
warm up by the fire as we prepare a nice room for you to
sleep in tonight. Thank you so much!  But, mother. Why would you..? Don't worry, darling. I have the perfect way to test if she is a true princess or not.  So while the soggy princes dried out... the Queen directed her servants to prepare a bed with 20 mattresses More?                 More! Then she added 20 soft down comforters More??          More!!!!! The queen took a single, tiny, green pea and placed it under the massive pile of comforters and mattresses. More???        No.  A true princess is sensitive. so if she feels that tiny pea under all back then we will know she is
a true princess. Why don't we just call the kingdom
she says she's from and ask them if she's a princess? This is the only way!! The next morning at breakfast the prince and the Queen anxiously awaited the arrival of the princess. Finally, she dragged herself down the
stairs with what the Prince thought were very promising bags under her red, swollen eyes.  Good morning, my dear. How did you sleep last night? Sadly, I didn't sleep well at all. Thank you for the room but there was some sort of rock or lump in those mattresses. No matter how I tossed or turned I couldn't get comfortable. I never actually fell asleep. Hooray!!! Haha. You passed the test! What?!   That was all a test!  Only a true princess would be sensitive enough to know the pea was there. You passed, and now we know you are a
true princess!! Whoa whoa whoa... I showed up on your doorstep drenched,
filthy, and exhausted and you decided to test me??  Umm, yes it was all a test. But you passed, so hooray!!  And now you two can get married! Yes, married! Hooray!! Hahaha! No!! We're not getting married!! What is wrong with you people? That's the meanest thing someone has ever done to me!  Why would I want to marry someone who treats women that way?? Ummm.. because I'm a prince! What was it you said to me last night? Oh right, I remember. Good day!!! *gasp* but wait!! You're the only true princess in the land!! Yeah, but you're not the only prince!! I'm off to find someone nicer!  And she did find someone nicer. A kind prince who respected her and didn't try to put her through silly, stupid tests. They lived happily ever after and never ate peas. So, the moral of the story... Always be nice to people...  and don't hide your vegetables under the bed. The end!! text Open this box, Tia! It is a box of marbles. Okay and what’s in that pink one. It’s a small statue of a dog. What are you going to do with all these gifts Tia? I don’t know. Maybe some day I’ll use them. I don’t think they’ll be of any use to you. Well, you never know. What do you mean? Once upon a time a farmer had three sons Jim Ken and Sam and a large field. He was a happy man except on thing. In the last days of summer  every year something ate all his crop. He decided to talk to his sons about it. My sons I need your help. End of summer is here. And I am afraid, something will eat all our crop again. Find a way to protect it. You must guard the field every night till summer has passed. Okay, father. I will guard it starting tonight. When night fell the oldest brother went to the field  and stood guard. But suddenly he heard a loud noise. Who is there? He got no response but the noise grew louder and louder Scared, Jim ran away from the field! The next night Ken went to the field to guard it. It had not been too long when suddenly there was a loud noise yet again. Hello? Who is there? Come out now! There was no answer except the noise continued. Scared, Ken too ran away from the field. Something is in the field! I can’t be hear! The youngest son Sam decided to take over from Ken. And went to guard the field the next night. As he was doing his job he heard a loud sound. There’s that loud sound that Ken and Jim described. Let me follow it. Unafraid, Sam went to where the sound was coming from. As he went further in to the field he found the most beautiful sparkling white horse that any body could have ever seen. On its back was a bronze armour suit. Sam went to the horse  and patted him. Hello, there! You are so beautiful! Do you want a cube of sugar? The horse quickly ate the sugar cube from Sam’s hand. Then he dropped the armour at Sam’s feet and galloped away leaving the crops as they were. I will hide the armour in the field. The next year the horse came back again and in exchange of a cube of sugar he left a silver armour for Sam. And the year after that it left him a gold armour. One day, there was an announcement in the village. The king announces that any man who can climb the glass hill at the far end of the kingdom will be allowed to marry the princess. The man must climb the mountain and rescue the princess who is sitting on top of the glass hill. I must do this! I am better than the other men of the village. And so Jim started his climb up the glass mountain. But he had hardly made some distance when he slipped and fell. Ha ha! Watch me I will do it and marry the princess. Ken had hardly gone 15 feet high when he also slipped and fell. Let me try it, brother. If I succeed I will be lucky to marry the princess. Ken and I could not do it what make you think that you can? Yes, you will never make it. Yes, may be I won’t. But I will still try. Sam left his brothers and started walking to the glass hill. He will never make it. Yes, I also don’t think he will. Just then everybody saw a rider wearing a bronze armour riding a sparkling white horse climbing the mountain. The rider managed to reach one-third of the way and then fell down. Some time later the rider came back in a silver armour with his horse and went up the hill again He went up two-thirds the way and fell down. A while later the rider came back wearing a gold armour and rode his horse up the hill again.  This time  he made it! Who are you, rider? The rider took off his helmet and it was Sam! My name is Sam, Princess. I am here to rescue you. Sam brought the princess down from the hill where they were welcomed with loud cheer from all the villagers and king’s men.  They were married soon after. So, we should be thankful for the things that come our way. We never know how they may help us. Wow, Tofu!  That is such a good way to put it! Just for that I will get you some more cake. Yay! text Did you have a good birthday Tofu? Yes, very much.  And look at all the lovely gifts you got! Yes… Why? Whats wrong? Nothing is wrong but I just thought grandmom could have got me a better gift  than the single rose flower Tofu! That’s not a nice thing to say! You didn’t notice her love for you  that made her fly all the way across the country to be with you today.  Love… But, that’s not a gift. Maybe you’ll think differently once you hear the story of the Snow Queen Once upon a time, in a small village lived two neighbours who were best friends too Their names were Gerda and Kay.  They loved each other a lot As a symbol of their friendship and love one day, they both planted a rose plant each in their front yards.  Every morning they would get together  and water their plants and take care of them.  When winters came, Gerda invited Kay.  Why don’t you come over in the afternoon?  My grandma has promised to make us a cup of hot chocolate  and tell us a story Okay, Gerda. I will come over after finishing my chores As promised, Kay went to Gerda’s home in the afternoon Tell us the story of The Snow Queen grandmamma! Bah! There is no Snow Queen! Do you still believe in such stories?   Little did Kay know that the Snow Queen did exist And she had a magic mirror with which she could look at anybody and right at that moment she was looking into Gerda’s living room where they sat Doesn’t believe in me, does he? I will send him my ice arrows that will turn him cold all the love will be gone from his eyes and his heart will freeze over! And the Snow Queen sent her Ice arrows towards Kay As soon as they entered Gerda’s home they went straight for Kay’s eyes and heart. Ouch! My eyes! What’s happening they hurt! What is wrong Kay! Ouch! My heart. It hurts too!  Kay! What’s wrong? Are you okay? Suddenly, Kay’s whole behavior changed towards Gerda Oh stop being such a whimp, Gerda. Nothing is wrong Get away from me! Saying so, he shoved Gerda aside and went home Over the next few days, he would give cold mean looks to Gerda  and would never talk to her nicely He wouldn’t even come to tend to the roses that they had planted.  One morning when Gerda was watering the plants she saw Kay get into a carriage  with a lady who was wearing a white grown She had skin like diamonds and her hair was silver white.  Gerda immediately knew that it was the Snow Queen She decided to follow her but the carriage just vanished into thin air So she went to her grandmamma Here, take this hand mirror and follow what it tells you The mirror only tells you the truth Gerda took the mirror from her grandma and looked into it The mirror told her to find the flower garden.  So Gerda went looking for it. Meanwhile, once the Snow Queen reached the palace  she told Kay to make it his home from now on This is your home now. You will never leave here And once your heart freezes over, you will be mine forever. Back in the village Gerda found the flower garden and entered it The garden was full of the most beautiful flowers Gerda had ever seen  She fell in love with them immediately But there was no smell of the flowers Surprised, Gerda bent down and touched one of the flowers  to understand if they were real As soon as she touched one flower the fragrances of all the flowers returned  and the Flower Lady appeared in front of her Thank you! You have returned the fragrance of my flowers.  Who are you?  I am the owner of this garden, I am the Flower Lady Can you help me?  Have you seen my friend Kay pass through here? He has been taken by the Snow Queen.  Oh no! The Snow Queen… she is one who had taken away the fragrance of my flowers I did not see Kay cross from here but you should try the river outside the village Gerda thanked the Flower Lady and went to the river There she saw a boat waiting for her She climbed into the boat  and it took her to the pirate ship Aboard the ship  Gerda saw many pirates including a girl pirate.   Hello! Can you help me? I am looking for my friend Kay The Snow Queen has taken him. I don’t know any Kay And even if I did, I wouldn’t tell you  because once aboard the Pirate Ship you can’t go anywhere. You have to be here No! Please! You have to let me go Kay is my friend. I have to save him Friend, you say? Eh? Well….I have never had a friend Okay, I will help you if you promise to be my friend.  Yes, of course. I would love to be your friend.  Okay, then… take my reindeer He is the fastest reindeer in the world  and she knows where the Snow Queen’s palace is Gerda thanked the Pirate Girl and climbed on the back of the reindeer Just as the Pirate Girl had promised the reindeer had Gerda outside the Snow Queen’s palace in no time.  Gerda got off the reindeer  and went inside the palace. Kay! Kay! Are you in here? What are you doing here? I am here to take my friend back with me! Your friend doesn’t exist anymore Look at him, standing there in the corner Just in a few minute his heart will freeze over  and then he will be mine forever Gerda turned to see where the Snow Queen had pointed In the corner, stood Kay. His lips were blue and eyes were steely cold Gerda rushed to him Kay! It’s me. Your friend. When Kay didn’t reply she reached out for his hand. His old friend’s touch returned the colour in Kay’s eyes Encouraged by this change, Gerda pushed on Remember, all the times we had fun at home?  And our roses that we have in the front yard? There is no point in all this. His heart will freeze soon! Hearing this, Gerda broke down and started crying As she was crying her tears rolled down from her eyes and onto the hand of Kay As soon as that happened Kay looked up at Gerda and smiled.  Gerda! My friend! You came for me! This is impossible. Nothing can ever turn my curse over She tried to pull Gerda away from Kay  and that’s when Grandma’s mirror fell out of Gerda’s pocket When the Queen looked into it, it spoke to her.  Snow Queen, you have been mistaken There is one power stronger than your curse  and it is the power of love.  Hearing this truth, the Snow Queen started crying  and soon dissolved in a pool of her own tears.  Oh, now I feel so terrible Tia I think I have not been fair to Grandmom Well, you still have time to make things better Tofu Yeah You are right Tia. I will go to her and apologise right away! Don’t forget to give her a kiss and a big hug!  text Jack and the Beanstalk
Once upon a time there was a boy named Jack who lived with his poor widowed mother. They had sold almost everything they owned
to buy food. When their last cow stopped giving milk, Jack’s
mother sent him to town to sell it. On the way to town Jack met a strange fellow
who told him stories of magic beans. “Where can I buy some of these magic beans
for my mother?” asked Jack. “I have the last five magic beans and I
will sell them to you because you are a good boy,” the strange man smiled at Jack.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; “Well I have nothing but our old cow and
we need the money I would get by selling her for food.” The man replied, “Trust me, my boy, these
beans will bring you food and fortune and your mother will be proud.” Jack hesitated but finally traded the cow
for the beans. When Jack returned home his mother was furious
and threw the beans out the kitchen window crying. Jack went to bed that night sad and hungry. He woke the next morning to find a huge beanstalk
growing in the garden. “The beans really are magic!” he cried. Jack saw that stalk reached the clouds. He remembered stories about the clouds containing
gold and started climbing the stalk to see what he could find. He climbed and climbed. When he got to the top he saw a huge castle
and headed for it. The door was so big that Jack could crawl
beneath it. Once inside he saw a giant man eating his
dinner. When the giant was finished he called his
servant to bring him his bag of gold coins. While counting his money the giant became
drowsy and fell asleep. Jack crept up to the giant and stole his bag
of gold. He struggled down the beanstalk with his money
and when got to the bottom he called for his mother. Jack’s mother was very happy because this
money was the same money that the giant had stolen from Jack’s father many years ago. But she was also afraid she knew how dangerous
the giant was and made Jack promise he would never go back. While Jack did promise, after awhile the money
began to run out. Jack began to wonder if he would find anything
else in the castle. Once again, Jack decided he would go back
up the beanstalk and back to the castle. Once again he reached the castle and climbed
under the castle door. And once again he found the giant eating dinner
at his table. When he was finished this time however the
giant called for his magic hen. Jack was amazed when he saw the hen lay an
egg of pure gold. While the giant was watching the hen he again
became drowsy and fell asleep. Jack crept silently to the table and grabbed
the hen. When he returned home his mother was very
angry that Jack had gone back to the castle. She grabbed Jack’s axe intent on cutting
the beanstalk down. Jack begged her not to and showed her how
hen that could lay golden eggs. Jack’s mother put the axe down and watched
with delight as the hen layed one beautiful golden egg after another. After awhile Jack’s curiosity got the better
of him and he once again thought about what else he could find he in the castle. Once again, Jack decided he would go back
up the beanstalk and back to the castle. Once again he reached the castle and climbed
under the castle door. And once again he found the giant eating dinner
at his table. When he was finished this time however the
giant called for his magic harp. Jack watched as the harp began to play beautiful
music all by itself. The music was so beautiful that before long
the lazy giant was once again fast asleep. Jack crept silently to the table. But as soon as Jack picked up the harp it
began playing very loudly in his strange hands and the giant awoke. “Fee, Fi, Fo, Fum,” yelled the giant and
he chased after the boy and his harp. Jack raced to the beanstalk and slid down. He could feel the stalk shake as the giant
began climbing down. Luckily his axe was near by and he began chopping
down the beanstalk. The beanstalk shook and cracked under the
weight of the giant and Jack’s chopping. Finally the stalk snapped and the giant fell
to the earth never to be seen again. Jack and his mother lived happily ever after. The End text The Little Red Riding Hood One day, Little Red Riding Hood’s mother
said to her, “Take this basket of goodies to your grandma’s cottage, but don’t talk
to strangers on the way!” Promising not to, Little Red Riding Hood skipped
off. On her way she met the Big Bad Wolf who asked,
“Where are you going, little girl?” “To my grandma’s, Mr. Wolf!” she answered. The Big Bad Wolf then ran to her grandmother’s
cottage much before Little Red Riding Hood, and knocked on the door. When Grandma opened the door, he locked her
up in the cupboard. The wicked wolf then wore Grandma’s clothes
and lay on her bed, waiting for Little Red Riding Hood. When Little Red Riding Hood reached the cottage,
she entered and went to Grandma’s bedside. “My! What big eyes you have, Grandma!” she said
in surprise. “All the better to see you with, my dear!”
replied the wolf. “My! What big ears you have, Grandma!” said Little
Red Riding Hood. “All the better to hear you with, my dear!”
said the wolf. “What big teeth you have, Grandma!” said
Little Red Riding Hood. “All the better to eat you with!” growled
the wolf pouncing on her. Little Red Riding Hood screamed and the woodcutters
in the forest came running to the cottage. They beat the Big Bad Wolf and rescued Grandma
from the cupboard. Grandma hugged Little Red Riding Hood with
joy. The Big Bad Wolf ran away never to be seen
again. Little Red Riding Hood had learnt her lesson
and never spoke to strangers ever again. The End text Paper Puppet Playhouse presents Three Little Pigs One fine spring day,
the three little pigs left their mother's house to build
homes of their own Whew! I'm tired of walking I'm going to build my house right here What are you going to build it with? Why, straw, of course It's so light, and easy to build with It might be soft, but I'm not sure it's strong Ah, you worry too much That's why you never smile I'm using straw and that's that My house will be built before lunch time Okay, suite yourself And so the first little pig started to build
his house of straw While his brothers continued on their way A short while later, the second little pig decided to stop [yawn] I'm tired of walking I'm going to build my house right here And I'm going to use sticks Sticks? They look pretty thin All the easier to build with [yawn] I'll be done in time for my afternoon nap Okay, good luck with that And so the second little pig started to build his 
house of sticks While his brother continued on his way A little later, the third little pig decided
to stop Hmm, this looks like a good spot to build
a sturdy little house Hello? Acme Brick Company? This is the third little pig I'm building a house and I need your strongest red bricks Well, that was quick Meanwhile, the big bad wolf was out for a walk The wolf came upon the first little pig's brand new house of straw and stopped That's a very nice house of straw Little pig, little pig, open up your door I would, but I'm finishing my soft straw house just in time for lunch Mmm...mmm...maccaroni No, sir, not by the hair of my chinny chin chin Oh, really? In that case, I will huff and puff and blow
your house in Well, that's a little rude The big bad wolf blew with all his might Achoo! Achoo! While the wolf was sneezing, It's just allergies the first little pig ran as fast as he could [snoring] Brother pig, brother pig, let me in You woke me up Do you like my house of sticks? I built it just in time for my nap Yes, it's very nice Now, please let me in Why aren't you in your soft straw house? The big bad wolf blew it down Please let me in Little pig, little pig, open up the door Do you like my house? Do I like your house? If you say you like my house, I might open
the door Um...I, uh, like your house Now, open up the door No. Hee hee hee Little pig, little pig, let me in Not by the hairs of our chinny chin chins Then I'll huff and I'll puff And I'll blow your house in The big bad wolf blew and blew with all his might Good thing I built my house out of strong sticks Ouch, I think I got a splinter in my paw Ahhh!! The two little pigs ran over to their brother's
house of brick Which he had just finished Check out my house of bricks It was hard work to build it But it's a strong, sturdy house Brother pig, brother pig, please let us in What happened to your house of straw? And your house of sticks? The big bad wolf came along and 
he blew them both down You don't say Light straw and thin sticks both fell down Well, come in, come in Just then, the big bad wolf showed up Achoo! Little pigs, little pigs, let me in Gotcha Not by the hairs of our chinny chin chins Then I will huff and I will puff, and so help me, I will blow your house in Oh no, here it comes Give it your best shot, wolf The big bad wolf blew with all his might Phew! Are you okay out there? Yes, I'm just getting warmed up The big bad wolf blew even harder Maybe you should rest a moment I'm good He can't blow it down Your house is very strong The big bad wolf decided to try another plan If...I...can't...blow it in... I will climb down the chimney to get inside I'm having a very bad day Achoo! Do you need some help? I just wanted to find a new home I live in a cave and it's very cold and very wet Well, why didn't you just say so? [whispering] And so the three little pigs built sturdy brick houses 
for each of them And one for the big bad wolf, too text - [Voiceover] The three little pigs. There was once a Mother Pig who had three baby pigs. They grew up and got bigger until the Mother Pig had to say, "You are too big to live here. "You need to go and build houses for yourselves. "But be careful! "There's a wolf out there, "and you won't want him to catch you!" The little pigs set off, telling their mother, "We will be careful." While they were walking, they came upon a man who was carrying some straw. "May I please have some straw?" asked the first little pig. "I want to build myself a house." "Of course," said the man, and he gave the pig the straw. The first little pig took it and made himself a nice home. The other two little pigs kept walking down the road. They came across a man who was carrying some sticks. "Could I please have some sticks?" asked the second little pig. "I want to build a house." The man said, "Sure," and he gave the little pig some of his sticks. Then the second little pig went on and built himself a house. It was stronger than the house of straw and the second little pig was excited. The third little pig kept walking all by himself. It took a while, but he met a man carrying some bricks. "Please, could I have some bricks?" asked the third little pig. "I want to build a strong house." "Yes," said the man, and he shared some of his bricks with the third little pig. The little pig built his brick house, happy that it was so strong, even if it took a lot longer to build. The next day, the wolf came down the road. He saw the house of straw that the first little pig built and went right up and knocked on the door. He said, "Little pig, little pig, let me come in." "No!" said the pig. "Not by the hair on my chinny-chin-chin." "Then I'll huff and I'll puff and I'll blow your house in!" said the wolf. And he huffed and he puffed and he blew the straw house right over. The pig had to run as fast as his legs would carry him to the second little pig's stick home. The next day, the wolf walked farther down the road. He came upon the stick house. He knocked on the door and said, "Little pig, little pig, let me come in." "No!" said the second little pig. "Not by the hair on my chinny-chin-chin." "Then I'll huff and I'll puff and I'll blow your house in!" said the wolf. And he huffed and he puffed and he blew that stick house over. The two little pigs had to run as fast as their legs would carry them to the third little pig's brick home. The next day, the big, bad wolf walked even farther down the road. He saw the third little pig's strong brick house and he walked up to the door and said, "Little pig, little pig, let me come in!" "Not by the hair on my chinny-chin-chin," said the pig. "Then I'll huff and I'll puff, and I'll blow your house in!" And he huffed and he puffed and he huffed and he puffed, but he could not blow that house down. So the big, bad wolf started climbing up the side of the house. "Little pigs, little pigs, I'm coming in!" he growled. The pigs were terrified. What were they going to do? The third little pig did the first thing he could think of. He lit a fire in his fireplace and pushed his biggest pot over it. Down, down, down, the chimney the wolf climbed until... Yeeeoww! The big, bad wolf scalded his rear on the hot pot and scrambled back up the chimney, down the street, and never bothered the three little pigs again. Thanks for watching! Click on these videos to watch more great Kids Learning videos. ♫ May and June and July and August ♫ September, October, November, December ♫ Came the rain and washed the spider out ♫ Up came the sun and ♫ B-I-N-G-O and Bingo was his name-o ♫ text Hey guys. Hello! What do you want? Can I play with you guys? This is a game for big kids. Go away. Actually…why don’t you stay to hear a story I was about to tell my brother. Okay, thanks. Once upon a time there lived a king who had 12 beautiful daughters. He loved the princesses dearly. But one thing about them  worries him a lot. I cannot understand what my daughters do  because of which they need a new pair of shoe every morning! How can it be that their shoes are fine through the day but in the morning they are worn out completely! To find the truth behind his daughters’ shoes the king announced in the kingdom that anyone who uncovered the secret would be awarded handsomely. Many people came but no one could understand how the princesses managed it. One day, an old soldier decided to go the palace. As he was walking he came across an old woman. Where are you going? I am going to the palace. I would love to solve the mystery of the princesses  and become a king one day. That’s not very difficult. Here, take this invisibility cloak and use it when the time is right. Nobody will be able to see you as long as you wear it. Just be weary not to drink the wine that one of the princesses will bring you. The soldier thanked the woman  and went on his way to the castle. Once there, he went to meet the king. I can find the truth behind the worn out shoes of the princesses. If you fail I will have your head cut off! And if I do it you will allow me to marry one of your daughters. You have courage, young man. Very well, you will sleep in the princesses’ room tonight. The soldier was introduced to the princesses and given a cozy bed in the princesses’ room. Just before he was about to sleep a princess brought him a glass of wine. He only pretended to drink it and lay down on his bed and pretended to sleep. After some time the eldest princess came up to him and checked if he was asleep. He is fast asleep sisters.  Let’s go. All the sisters got together and pulled out  prettiest of their clothes and got dressed. All of them were excited except the youngest one. I am not sure about this, sisters. I think something will go wrong tonight. Oh, you simpleton. You worry unnecessarily. Nothing will happen. Now come, lets go. The eldest princess then went to her bed and clapped twice. The bed sunk to the floor and a secret stairway opened underneath. All the princesses followed one after the other. The soldier also quickly got up and put on the cloak. He then followed the princesses onto the stairway. But halfway through he accidentally stepped on the gown of the youngest princess. I am telling you sisters! Something is amiss! Someone has caught hold of my gown. Don’t be a fool. It might just be a nail. Now stop crying or you will delay us. All the princess followed by the invisible soldier made their way to the bottom of the stairs. They found themselves in a beautiful grove of fruit laden trees and flowers made of silver. Beyond the grove was a lake where twelve handsome princes awaited the princesses in twelve small boats. The princesses rushed to their beloved each and got into his boat. The soldier sneaked into the boat with the youngest princess. The boat is very heavy today. I don’t know what is happening today everything is wrong. The princesses and the princess reached the other side of the lake. There was another beautiful grove there. It was lit with a thousand lamps and music wafted throughout. Let’s go sisters! Everybody got off the boats and into the grove. The princesses and princess danced with each other like there was no tomorrow. The soldier hid himself in one corner and watched everything The princesses danced through the night and when morning came they returned to the palace and slept. So, this is where the princesses go. And this is why their shoes wear out overnight. Let me see what they do tonight. The soldier waited and watched. The same thing happened again. The next morning, the soldier told the king what he’d found out. The King called his daughters. Is it true, what the soldier has to say? Yes, Father. Well, soldier… looks like you have earned your reward. Which Princess will you marry? I am not very young now so I would like to marry the eldest princess. The soldier and the Princess were married on the same day and he became the heir of the king. Arrogance doesn’t help people too much, does it Tia? No, it doesn’t. I am sorry I was mean to you. We’ll be back here to play tomorrow. Why don’t you come and join us then? It’s okay. I will see you tomorrow. Bye for now! thanks for narrating the story, Tia! Bubbye! Bye! text The Ugly Duckling On a beautiful summer day, a family of ducks
is taking a swim while another is enjoying a stroll by the bank. But one duck is sitting on her eggs among
the tall leaves. I wonder when my babies are going to come
out. They are taking so long to hatch! It is so lonely, no one has the time to visit
me. But Mommy duck didn’t have to wait too long. Soon the eggs started cracking and the little
ducklings started taking small unsteady steps out of the shells. Quack quack, quack quack. Oooh, my babies are so beautiful! Now come and line up here all of you. One..Two..Three..Four…Five..Hey, there should
be one more. Mother duck looked around, and saw one egg
which had not yet hatched I think I will have to sit again on this egg
till it hatches. It seems pretty large. Soon the last egg hatched, but the duckling
that crept out was large and ugly. This little fellow doesn’t look like his
brothers and sisters. The next day, Mother Duck leads her brood
to the water. Oh! I am proud today that my ducklings are swimming
so well! And how well the youngest one is swimming. Come on kids, that’s enough for today. We must get to the farm before it turns dark. The duck family makes its way to the farmhouse,
where there are lots of other ducks. What is that strange looking creature doing
here? The other ducklings are so cute but this one
is so big and ugly. He is ugly. We don’t want him here. That’s not a nice thing to say. He is still small, and I’m sure he will
grow up to be beautiful too. But the other ducklings continued to bully
and make fun of the ugly duckling. I hope the ducklings stop this nonsense. I can’t bear to see that poor child looking
so sad. But as days went by, things started becoming
worse for the ugly duckling. Wherever he went, everyone was mean to him. Have you ever seen anything uglier than this? Uff! Seeing this creature in the morning, my day
will also be as ugly as he is. Ha..Ha…he seems to be getting uglier by
the day. The Ugly Duckling just wanted to hide somewhere
and cry. Even his brothers and sisters were rude to
him. Don’t come near us. Go away! I wish the cat comes and takes you. Mother Duck was very sad to see everyone treat
the ugly ducking so badly. Nobody wants to talk to me or play with me
because I am ugly. I will run away from here. So the ugly duckling flew over the fence of
the farmyard, and continued flying till he spotted a large moor. He decided to spend the night there. I am so tired. I think I will spend the night here. Next morning, the ugly duckling woke up to
the sound of loud quacking. He opened his eyes and saw a flock of wild
ducks. Who are you? What are you doing here? Can I please stay here for a while? I have nowhere to go. You are ugly….(a long pause) Stay here,
but don’t get in our way. The Ugly Duckling stayed on the moor for a
few days. He felt lonely, but no one bullied him or
hurt him because of his looks. One morning, the duckling heard a noise like
a big bang. He lay still, too scared to move. When he finally lifted his head and looked
around, all the other ducks had fled. The ugly duckling also fled from the moor
as fast as it could. It flew as fast as its young wings would take
him. However, suddenly there was thunder and lightning,
scaring the little duckling. Brrr. I am so wet and cold. That cottage there looks warm, maybe I can
take shelter there. The cottage belonged to an old lady, who lived
with with her tomcat and hen, who found the duckling the next morning. Cluck cluck, meow meow
What is happening here? Why are you making so much noise? What is this we have here? Looks like a duck, though a very ugly one. I know what I will do. I will keep it with me and wait for it to
lay eggs. Then I will have eggs from my hen and from
this duck too. Ah, but I do hope this is a duck and not a
drake. So the ugly duckling stayed with the old lady
in her cottage. But here also, the tomcat and the hen made
its life so miserable! Hey you, don’t you get scared when you see
your face in the mirror? Look at me. My coat is so silky. Look at my whiskers, so long and beautiful. The mistress says my walk is so graceful. You are such a loser. You cannot even lay an egg! Look at my eggs, such lovely big and brown
ones. The ugly duckling continued to be lonely. He would sit in front of the window looking
at the small pond outside. How I wish I could swim in that pond. It used to be so nice when I swam in the cool
water back home. Are you mad? The mistress is not going to let you go. You have a safe house, what more do you want? Behave yourself and don’t anger the mistress,
the cat, or even me. Want to swim, indeed! The ugly duckling felt very, very sad, wondering
what to do. I know this place is safe, but I feel like
a prisoner here, being punished by not being allowed to swim. I want to swim – I want to be free to swim
and fly as I please. I have to escape from here somehow. So one night, the duckling quietly crept out
of the cottage and went in search of a new home. Soon he found a beautiful lake where he could
swim and dive. Ahhhhh! (Splash) This is such a lovely place. It feels so good to swim after so long. I hope the other animals and birds here are
friendly so I don’t have to move away from here also. But alas, here too the other animals did not
want to be friends with the ugly duckling. Why does everybody keep avoiding me? Just because I am ugly, it doesn’t mean
everyone has to be mean! No one wants to play with me or even talk
to me! So life continued in this miserabke way for
the ugly duckling. Soon, the seasons changed. Autumn set in, and the colour of the leaves
changed from red to orange and then gold. Winter followed. The forest turned white, and a very cold wind
set in. The dark clouds made the duckling feeling
even more gloomy and sad, so the duckling decided to go to the lakeside. And what a lovely sight he saw there! What are these beautiful birds? I don’t think I have seen them before. How beautifully they spread their large wings! It looks like they are not flying but just
gliding through the sky. Though the winter grew colder and colder,
the duckling continued to swim despite the freezing water, and then finally took refuge
in some bushes. Finally, it was spring again. Plants started sprouting and the sun peeped
down from the sky. The duckling was so happy that it was becoming
warm again. Everything around me has become so beautiful. My wings have also become strong and I can
now swim in the pond close by. Suddenly, the duckling once again saw the
same beautiful birds that he had seen at the start of spring, and quickly ran and hid behind
some bushes. Those birds are so beautiful. I better not go near them, or they too will
make fun of me. I am so scared that they might even kill me! I am so tired of being picked on by everybody,
first the ducklings at the farm, my own brothers and sisters, the hen and tomcat at the cottage,
and everybody else. I wish I had never been born! (Sob sob sob.) The duckling went to a quiet spot on the lake
where nobody could see him. He was very, very sad, and big fat tears rolled
down its face. Suddenly, the duckling saw its own reflection
in the lake, and couldn’t believe its eyes! For staring at him in the clear water below
was his own reflection, no longer a dark, grey bird, ugly and repulsive to look at. Instead, he had turned into a graceful and
beautiful swan. The ugly duckling had transformed into a beautiful
swan!! All the other swans came to greet the newcomer,
and stroked his neck with their beaks. Finally, the ugly little thing was accepted
and loved by his new friends, to whom he belonged, the beautiful and graceful swans. A family with two children came to see the
swans swimming. Look, there is a new one. Father, mother, come here, there is another
swan. A new one has arrived.” The new one is the most beautiful of all. Oh, he is so young and pretty! The swan did not know how to react to so much
praise. He felt shy and tried to hide his face. After being mocked and taunted and bullied
for so long, he couldn’t believe he was being appreciated and accepted! And he was actually being called beautiful! I never dreamt that I would see a day when
someone would call me beautiful! I wish I had received the same love and affection
when I was the little and ugly creature, I wouldn’t have spent such a sad childhood. Why do people treat others according to their
looks? That is so, so sad! text On a fine morning in early spring,
mother duck was patiently waiting for her eggs to hatch The first egg hatched and out came 
the first cute and fluffy baby duckling Quack Then the second egg hatched and out poked
the equally cute and fluffy second duckling Quack Quack, quack Oh my lovely lovely darlings How sweet you both are But the third egg had not hatched Come now my dear, break your shell so we can
all see your pretty face And with a creak and a crack, 
finally the third egg hatched Swaaaak Oh my The third little duckling looked…different Squawk And he sounded different However, mother duck decided to show off her new ducklings to the whole pond Come my three beautiful children Let us go for a swim so everyone can meet you They can upon the grand old turtle Who was seated so that she could 
watch over the entire pond Good morning, grand old turtle Good morning, mother duck
Are these your new ducklings? Yes, they just hatched this morning Quack How sweet Quack How pretty Squack How alarming Is this your child? Yes, he is He’s not yellow or fluffy like a duckling And he’s certainly not pretty This made the third duckling feel sad He’s just different, that’s all Good day, grand old turtle Not pretty at all They came upon the farmer’s cat Who was napping in the warm grass by the water Good morning, cat Good morning, mother duck Out with your new babies, I see Yes, say, ‘Hello’ my ducklings Quack Quack Squawk Ouch, my ears What a loud ugly sound that duckling makes And he looks so strange This made the third duckling feel very sad He’s just different Good day, cat Strange looking indeed Soon, they came upon the bullfrog Who was sitting on his favorite lily pad Good morning, bullfrog Ribbit Morning, mother duck And who have we here? My new baby ducklings Oh, hello duckling 1, duckling 2, and… Ribbit Who is this? Certainly not your duckling, mother duck Yes, he is I’m very sorry to hear that He’s just different, that’s all If different means, ‘ugly,' you’re right because I know ugly when I see it This made the third duckling very very sad And he swam away home Come back, my darling The third duckling felt very sorry for himself If I’m so ugly than I will never leave the nest again Look I think that’s mother duck’s new duckling I bet his mother cried when she saw him What an ugly duckling, honk honk But the third duckling soon discovered, he was lost I can’t find the nest He came upon a hole in the pond bank
and quickly hid inside I will hide in here so no one has to see how ugly I am My darling duckling, please come out No one wishes to see how ugly I am I’m staying in this hole And that’s exactly what he did Mother duck kept asking the third duckling
to leave the hole My darling, will you please come out? No, I will not come out, for I am an ugly duckling Mother duck could not change his mind and
she sadly swam away Summer became fall, and still the third duckling 
would not come out Winter is coming, my darling, we need
to fly south I’m staying inside where no one has to see
how ugly I am Fly south and be happy, mother We will return in the spring Stay warm my little duckling All winter long the third duckling stayed inside the hole He missed his mother and sisters And he remembered the grand old turtle,
the cat, and the bullfrog Not pretty at all Strange looking, indeed I know ugly when I see it And this made the third duckling very, very, very sad [Sigh] Winter gave way to spring And the third duckling was surprised how small his home had become It’s very cramped in here I must go outside But the third duckling was stuck Eww…it’s very hard to move in here [Urgh, argh, uh] Grand old turtle, cat, and bullfrog
heard the third ducklings voice and came over What’s the matter, duckling? Mew, he’s afraid to show his face, mew Come out and show us how ugly you’ve become [Gasp] He doesn’t look like a duckling at all That’s because he isn’t a duck at all He is a swan like us I’m…a…swan? Yes, the most beautiful swan I have ever seen I am? I am…beautiful? Honk, honk, honk I am beautiful I am beautiful [honking] I’m sure I heard my little duckling’s voice Mother! My child
Oh, how you have changed so Now that I am no longer ugly, do you 
love me, mother? You were never ugly, and I’ve always loved
you, my darling child It makes me happy that now 
you love yourself, too You look better now Much better than when you were ugly How true and I know ugly when I see it I may have been an ugly duckling before, and perhaps I am a beautiful swan now, but you three are just plain rude Meow! I’m all wet Meow The third duckling changed his name to the happy swan And learned that mean words and insults can do nothing to the beauty within each 
and every one of us Always be true to yourself [honking] Well, I never Have you ever seen such an ugly flower It’s strange looking indeed Not pretty at all That is one ugly flower And I know ugly when I see it Did you see that ugly sunset last night It was certainly strange looking Not pretty at all Ugly, truly ugly Because I know ugly when I see it text The Ugly Duckling On a beautiful summer day, a family of ducks
is taking a swim while another is enjoying a stroll by the bank. But one duck is sitting on her eggs among
the tall leaves. I wonder when my babies are going to come
out. They are taking so long to hatch! It is so lonely, no one has the time to visit
me. But Mommy duck didn’t have to wait too long. Soon the eggs started cracking and the little
ducklings started taking small unsteady steps out of the shells. Quack quack, quack quack. Oooh, my babies are so beautiful! Now come and line up here all of you. One..Two..Three..Four…Five..Hey, there should
be one more. Mother duck looked around, and saw one egg
which had not yet hatched I think I will have to sit again on this egg
till it hatches. It seems pretty large. Soon the last egg hatched, but the duckling
that crept out was large and ugly. This little fellow doesn’t look like his
brothers and sisters. The next day, Mother Duck leads her brood
to the water. Oh! I am proud today that my ducklings are swimming
so well! And how well the youngest one is swimming. Come on kids, that’s enough for today. We must get to the farm before it turns dark. The duck family makes its way to the farmhouse,
where there are lots of other ducks. What is that strange looking creature doing
here? The other ducklings are so cute but this one
is so big and ugly. He is ugly. We don’t want him here. That’s not a nice thing to say. He is still small, and I’m sure he will
grow up to be beautiful too. But the other ducklings continued to bully
and make fun of the ugly duckling. I hope the ducklings stop this nonsense. I can’t bear to see that poor child looking
so sad. But as days went by, things started becoming
worse for the ugly duckling. Wherever he went, everyone was mean to him. Have you ever seen anything uglier than this? Uff! Seeing this creature in the morning, my day
will also be as ugly as he is. Ha..Ha…he seems to be getting uglier by
the day. The Ugly Duckling just wanted to hide somewhere
and cry. Even his brothers and sisters were rude to
him. Don’t come near us. Go away! I wish the cat comes and takes you. Mother Duck was very sad to see everyone treat
the ugly ducking so badly. Nobody wants to talk to me or play with me
because I am ugly. I will run away from here. So the ugly duckling flew over the fence of
the farmyard, and continued flying till he spotted a large moor. He decided to spend the night there. I am so tired. I think I will spend the night here. Next morning, the ugly duckling woke up to
the sound of loud quacking. He opened his eyes and saw a flock of wild
ducks. Who are you? What are you doing here? Can I please stay here for a while? I have nowhere to go. You are ugly….(a long pause) Stay here,
but don’t get in our way. The Ugly Duckling stayed on the moor for a
few days. He felt lonely, but no one bullied him or
hurt him because of his looks. One morning, the duckling heard a noise like
a big bang. He lay still, too scared to move. When he finally lifted his head and looked
around, all the other ducks had fled. The ugly duckling also fled from the moor
as fast as it could. It flew as fast as its young wings would take
him. However, suddenly there was thunder and lightning,
scaring the little duckling. Brrr. I am so wet and cold. That cottage there looks warm, maybe I can
take shelter there. The cottage belonged to an old lady, who lived
with with her tomcat and hen, who found the duckling the next morning. Cluck cluck, meow meow
What is happening here? Why are you making so much noise? What is this we have here? Looks like a duck, though a very ugly one. I know what I will do. I will keep it with me and wait for it to
lay eggs. Then I will have eggs from my hen and from
this duck too. Ah, but I do hope this is a duck and not a
drake. So the ugly duckling stayed with the old lady
in her cottage. But here also, the tomcat and the hen made
its life so miserable! Hey you, don’t you get scared when you see
your face in the mirror? Look at me. My coat is so silky. Look at my whiskers, so long and beautiful. The mistress says my walk is so graceful. You are such a loser. You cannot even lay an egg! Look at my eggs, such lovely big and brown
ones. The ugly duckling continued to be lonely. He would sit in front of the window looking
at the small pond outside. How I wish I could swim in that pond. It used to be so nice when I swam in the cool
water back home. Are you mad? The mistress is not going to let you go. You have a safe house, what more do you want? Behave yourself and don’t anger the mistress,
the cat, or even me. Want to swim, indeed! The ugly duckling felt very, very sad, wondering
what to do. I know this place is safe, but I feel like
a prisoner here, being punished by not being allowed to swim. I want to swim – I want to be free to swim
and fly as I please. I have to escape from here somehow. So one night, the duckling quietly crept out
of the cottage and went in search of a new home. Soon he found a beautiful lake where he could
swim and dive. Ahhhhh! (Splash) This is such a lovely place. It feels so good to swim after so long. I hope the other animals and birds here are
friendly so I don’t have to move away from here also. But alas, here too the other animals did not
want to be friends with the ugly duckling. Why does everybody keep avoiding me? Just because I am ugly, it doesn’t mean
everyone has to be mean! No one wants to play with me or even talk
to me! So life continued in this miserabke way for
the ugly duckling. Soon, the seasons changed. Autumn set in, and the colour of the leaves
changed from red to orange and then gold. Winter followed. The forest turned white, and a very cold wind
set in. The dark clouds made the duckling feeling
even more gloomy and sad, so the duckling decided to go to the lakeside. And what a lovely sight he saw there! What are these beautiful birds? I don’t think I have seen them before. How beautifully they spread their large wings! It looks like they are not flying but just
gliding through the sky. Though the winter grew colder and colder,
the duckling continued to swim despite the freezing water, and then finally took refuge
in some bushes. Finally, it was spring again. Plants started sprouting and the sun peeped
down from the sky. The duckling was so happy that it was becoming
warm again. Everything around me has become so beautiful. My wings have also become strong and I can
now swim in the pond close by. Suddenly, the duckling once again saw the
same beautiful birds that he had seen at the start of spring, and quickly ran and hid behind
some bushes. Those birds are so beautiful. I better not go near them, or they too will
make fun of me. I am so scared that they might even kill me! I am so tired of being picked on by everybody,
first the ducklings at the farm, my own brothers and sisters, the hen and tomcat at the cottage,
and everybody else. I wish I had never been born! (Sob sob sob.) The duckling went to a quiet spot on the lake
where nobody could see him. He was very, very sad, and big fat tears rolled
down its face. Suddenly, the duckling saw its own reflection
in the lake, and couldn’t believe its eyes! For staring at him in the clear water below
was his own reflection, no longer a dark, grey bird, ugly and repulsive to look at. Instead, he had turned into a graceful and
beautiful swan. The ugly duckling had transformed into a beautiful
swan!! All the other swans came to greet the newcomer,
and stroked his neck with their beaks. Finally, the ugly little thing was accepted
and loved by his new friends, to whom he belonged, the beautiful and graceful swans. A family with two children came to see the
swans swimming. Look, there is a new one. Father, mother, come here, there is another
swan. A new one has arrived.” The new one is the most beautiful of all. Oh, he is so young and pretty! The swan did not know how to react to so much
praise. He felt shy and tried to hide his face. After being mocked and taunted and bullied
for so long, he couldn’t believe he was being appreciated and accepted! And he was actually being called beautiful! I never dreamt that I would see a day when
someone would call me beautiful! I wish I had received the same love and affection
when I was the little and ugly creature, I wouldn’t have spent such a sad childhood. Why do people treat others according to their
looks? That is so, so sad! text The Ugly Duckling On a beautiful summer day, a family of ducks
is taking a swim while another is enjoying a stroll by the bank. But one duck is sitting on her eggs among
the tall leaves. I wonder when my babies are going to come
out. They are taking so long to hatch! It is so lonely, no one has the time to visit
me. But Mommy duck didn’t have to wait too long. Soon the eggs started cracking and the little
ducklings started taking small unsteady steps out of the shells. Quack quack, quack quack. Oooh, my babies are so beautiful! Now come and line up here all of you. One..Two..Three..Four…Five..Hey, there should
be one more. Mother duck looked around, and saw one egg
which had not yet hatched I think I will have to sit again on this egg
till it hatches. It seems pretty large. Soon the last egg hatched, but the duckling
that crept out was large and ugly. This little fellow doesn’t look like his
brothers and sisters. The next day, Mother Duck leads her brood
to the water. Oh! I am proud today that my ducklings are swimming
so well! And how well the youngest one is swimming. Come on kids, that’s enough for today. We must get to the farm before it turns dark. The duck family makes its way to the farmhouse,
where there are lots of other ducks. What is that strange looking creature doing
here? The other ducklings are so cute but this one
is so big and ugly. He is ugly. We don’t want him here. That’s not a nice thing to say. He is still small, and I’m sure he will
grow up to be beautiful too. But the other ducklings continued to bully
and make fun of the ugly duckling. I hope the ducklings stop this nonsense. I can’t bear to see that poor child looking
so sad. But as days went by, things started becoming
worse for the ugly duckling. Wherever he went, everyone was mean to him. Have you ever seen anything uglier than this? Uff! Seeing this creature in the morning, my day
will also be as ugly as he is. Ha..Ha…he seems to be getting uglier by
the day. The Ugly Duckling just wanted to hide somewhere
and cry. Even his brothers and sisters were rude to
him. Don’t come near us. Go away! I wish the cat comes and takes you. Mother Duck was very sad to see everyone treat
the ugly ducking so badly. Nobody wants to talk to me or play with me
because I am ugly. I will run away from here. So the ugly duckling flew over the fence of
the farmyard, and continued flying till he spotted a large moor. He decided to spend the night there. I am so tired. I think I will spend the night here. Next morning, the ugly duckling woke up to
the sound of loud quacking. He opened his eyes and saw a flock of wild
ducks. Who are you? What are you doing here? Can I please stay here for a while? I have nowhere to go. You are ugly….(a long pause) Stay here,
but don’t get in our way. The Ugly Duckling stayed on the moor for a
few days. He felt lonely, but no one bullied him or
hurt him because of his looks. One morning, the duckling heard a noise like
a big bang. He lay still, too scared to move. When he finally lifted his head and looked
around, all the other ducks had fled. The ugly duckling also fled from the moor
as fast as it could. It flew as fast as its young wings would take
him. However, suddenly there was thunder and lightning,
scaring the little duckling. Brrr. I am so wet and cold. That cottage there looks warm, maybe I can
take shelter there. The cottage belonged to an old lady, who lived
with with her tomcat and hen, who found the duckling the next morning. Cluck cluck, meow meow
What is happening here? Why are you making so much noise? What is this we have here? Looks like a duck, though a very ugly one. I know what I will do. I will keep it with me and wait for it to
lay eggs. Then I will have eggs from my hen and from
this duck too. Ah, but I do hope this is a duck and not a
drake. So the ugly duckling stayed with the old lady
in her cottage. But here also, the tomcat and the hen made
its life so miserable! Hey you, don’t you get scared when you see
your face in the mirror? Look at me. My coat is so silky. Look at my whiskers, so long and beautiful. The mistress says my walk is so graceful. You are such a loser. You cannot even lay an egg! Look at my eggs, such lovely big and brown
ones. The ugly duckling continued to be lonely. He would sit in front of the window looking
at the small pond outside. How I wish I could swim in that pond. It used to be so nice when I swam in the cool
water back home. Are you mad? The mistress is not going to let you go. You have a safe house, what more do you want? Behave yourself and don’t anger the mistress,
the cat, or even me. Want to swim, indeed! The ugly duckling felt very, very sad, wondering
what to do. I know this place is safe, but I feel like
a prisoner here, being punished by not being allowed to swim. I want to swim – I want to be free to swim
and fly as I please. I have to escape from here somehow. So one night, the duckling quietly crept out
of the cottage and went in search of a new home. Soon he found a beautiful lake where he could
swim and dive. Ahhhhh! (Splash) This is such a lovely place. It feels so good to swim after so long. I hope the other animals and birds here are
friendly so I don’t have to move away from here also. But alas, here too the other animals did not
want to be friends with the ugly duckling. Why does everybody keep avoiding me? Just because I am ugly, it doesn’t mean
everyone has to be mean! No one wants to play with me or even talk
to me! So life continued in this miserabke way for
the ugly duckling. Soon, the seasons changed. Autumn set in, and the colour of the leaves
changed from red to orange and then gold. Winter followed. The forest turned white, and a very cold wind
set in. The dark clouds made the duckling feeling
even more gloomy and sad, so the duckling decided to go to the lakeside. And what a lovely sight he saw there! What are these beautiful birds? I don’t think I have seen them before. How beautifully they spread their large wings! It looks like they are not flying but just
gliding through the sky. Though the winter grew colder and colder,
the duckling continued to swim despite the freezing water, and then finally took refuge
in some bushes. Finally, it was spring again. Plants started sprouting and the sun peeped
down from the sky. The duckling was so happy that it was becoming
warm again. Everything around me has become so beautiful. My wings have also become strong and I can
now swim in the pond close by. Suddenly, the duckling once again saw the
same beautiful birds that he had seen at the start of spring, and quickly ran and hid behind
some bushes. Those birds are so beautiful. I better not go near them, or they too will
make fun of me. I am so scared that they might even kill me! I am so tired of being picked on by everybody,
first the ducklings at the farm, my own brothers and sisters, the hen and tomcat at the cottage,
and everybody else. I wish I had never been born! (Sob sob sob.) The duckling went to a quiet spot on the lake
where nobody could see him. He was very, very sad, and big fat tears rolled
down its face. Suddenly, the duckling saw its own reflection
in the lake, and couldn’t believe its eyes! For staring at him in the clear water below
was his own reflection, no longer a dark, grey bird, ugly and repulsive to look at. Instead, he had turned into a graceful and
beautiful swan. The ugly duckling had transformed into a beautiful
swan!! All the other swans came to greet the newcomer,
and stroked his neck with their beaks. Finally, the ugly little thing was accepted
and loved by his new friends, to whom he belonged, the beautiful and graceful swans. A family with two children came to see the
swans swimming. Look, there is a new one. Father, mother, come here, there is another
swan. A new one has arrived.” The new one is the most beautiful of all. Oh, he is so young and pretty! The swan did not know how to react to so much
praise. He felt shy and tried to hide his face. After being mocked and taunted and bullied
for so long, he couldn’t believe he was being appreciated and accepted! And he was actually being called beautiful! I never dreamt that I would see a day when
someone would call me beautiful! I wish I had received the same love and affection
when I was the little and ugly creature, I wouldn’t have spent such a sad childhood. Why do people treat others according to their
looks? That is so, so sad! text Yay! We won! But why does Rahul keep passing the ball to others?  He is the best player on the team He could make more goals if he just takes the ball all the way by himself. No Tofu. To win, you always need a team Every player is equally important on the team Come, I will tell you a story about the importance of teamwork. Once upon a time, a girl called Dorothy lived in Kansas City She was playing with her best friend, a dog named Toto  when a scary cyclone came their way Dorothy called out to Toto. Toto! Hurry, we have to get to the basement But before they could reach the basement the cyclone lifted their house up and blew it away After some time it fell somewhere with a thud! When Dorothy stepped out of the house  she saw the house had landed on someone! Oh no! Toto, help me!  Who is she?  The house has landed on her  I am so sorry! Just then Dorothy and Toto heard people behind them rejoicing.   They were the munchkins. Thank you, Thank you You have just saved us from the evil witch of the east!  You have saved us all!  Just then another witch appeared. She was the good witch Hello Dorothy!  You have done a great deed by saving all the munchkins Let me know if you need anything Thank you. Could you please tell me how to go back to Kansas City? thats where I use to live I can’t do that but I think the Wizard Of Oz can help you with that Just follow the Yellow Brick Road it will lead you straight to him But before you go, take these red slippers that the evil witch of the east had You might need them Dorothy thanked the good witch took the slippers and made her way on the Yellow Brick Road with Toto She had only walked a bit when she came across a scarecrow.  Hello. I am the scarecrow. I have everything I want except a brain. My head is only filled with Hay.  Hello Scarecrow.  I am going to the Wizard of Oz Why don’t you come with me?  He might be able to help you. And so, Dorothy was joined by the Scarecrow They had walked a few miles, when they met the Tin Woodcutter.  I want a heart.  When my maker made me he gave me everything but forgot to give me a heart I wish he hadn’t forgotten that We are going to the Wizard of Oz We are going to ask him for a way for Dorothy  to get back to her home and for brains for me Why don’t you come with us? And so the Tin Woodcutter also joined them  They had walked for some time when they heard Toto barking!  They turned around to see that a lion had attacked Toto! Get away from my dog, you nasty lion. The lion whimpered and ran away to a corner.  Oh no! You aren’t a brave lion at all, are you?  No…I have no courage.  I wish I had some We are going to the Wizard of Oz We will ask him for a brain for the Scarecrow a way for Dorothy to get back home and a heart for me Come with us, we will ask him for courage for you The lion agreed and they all continued on the yellow brick road They kept following the road and reached the Emerald City They knocked on its big gates.  A guard appeared. The wizard doesn’t meet anyone but he has agreed to meet all of you And so all the friends went to meet the wizard They told him how and why they had come to meet him. Thank you Dorothy for freeing the lands from the evil witch of the east But I will grant all your wishes  when you free us from the evil witch of the west too The friends agreed to the wizard’s terms and left to find the evil witch of the west. But the evil witch of the west had heard about what had happened  to the evil witch of the east She also knew about Dorothy and her friends’ plans to kill her She planned an attack on them She sent a pack of her scariest wolves to stop them The Tin Woodcutter stepped forward This is a job for me. Everyone stay back. The woodcutter hacked at the wolves with his axe till they all ran away The wolves had just left when the skies became dark and many crows started coming down to peck at them all.  This time the scarecrow stepped forward and scared all the crows away Next, the evil witch sent flying monkeys Before anyone could do anything  the monkeys grabbed them all and took them to the evil witch’s castle.  So! You’ve come to kill me? haann??? How will you do that? The Woodcutter is lying in a pile over the stones I have emptied the Scarecrow and strapped the cowardly lion to pull my carts.  Oh! You are so evil! What a horrible person you are! Saying so Dorothy grabbed the bucket of water that was lying there  and threw the water at the witch. Oh no! You threw water over me!  I am going to shrink and melt! Help me... I am melting oh my god  I am melting Help me... And so the evil witch of the west melted away As that happened, all her slaves became free They repaired the Woodcutter filled the Scarecrow with hay and released the Lion.  Dorothy and her friends went back to the Emerald City The Wizard of Oz welcomed them and granted the wishes of the scarecrow the woodcutter and the lion.  What about my wish?  How will I get back home? You don’t need me for that. You had the power all along Just click your heels together thrice  and tell the slippers where you want to go. They will take you there Though, Dorothy was excited to go home she was sad to leave her friends She said a tearful goodbye to them Then she picked up Toto in her arms  and clicked her heels together three times  and told her slippers to take her home.   So you see Tofu if all the friends hadn’t worked together they would have not been able to defeat the evil witch of the west. Hmmm... yes Tia, I now understand the importance of a team.  text Hello! Remember the story of the Three Little Pigs and the Big Bad Wolf? The huffing and puffing and the blowing the house down, etc. etc... We've all heard that story. But I've always thought, If those pigs were smart enough to build houses... They should've been more prepared. Let's fix that shall we? Ehem! Finally!  We're out on our own! Yep!  I can't wait to have my own house! That reminds me! I heard there's a big bad wolf in the land and he likes to blow down poorly made houses. Hmm.... Then it sounds like we need a plan! The pigs came up with an ingenious plan and each went to his task. One built a house of straw... one built a house of sticks... and one built a house of bricks! Pretty soon the big bad wolf showed up at the first house. Ugh... So hungry... haven't eaten in days! Wait!  *sniff sniff*  What's that smell? Yes! It's my favorite! A young pig deliciously wrapped in a flimsy house! Ehem... Little pig!  Little pig!  Let me in! Aha!  He's finally here! Ehem Not by the hair of my chiny chin chin! Is he rhyming with me? Fine. Then I'll huff and I'll puff and I'll blow your house in! *inhales* What?  A trap?! Fire! Yaaaahohooooowwweeeeeee! hehehe!  Have a nice flight! Oof Why that little! *sniff sniff sniff* Wait!  What's that? Another pig? Yeeees I believe it is!   Alright!  Round two! Ehem... Little Pig!  Little Pig!  Let me in! Right on time!  Ehem! Not by the hair of my chinny chin chin! More rhyming? I'll tell you what I told the last pig! I'll huff and I'll puff and I'll blow your house in! *inhales* Oh no! Not! Bees! Not the bees!  Get'm off!  Get'm off! Get'm off! Hahahah! Could this trap... BEE anymore obvious?  haha! I think I finally got away from the... oof! *cries* A house? Oh thank goodness! Hello? Is anyone home? I'm pretty banged up out here and I could really use your help! I've been blasted by a cannon, stung by hundreds of bees... And I just knocked out one of my teeth, owie! If you are home could you please please let me in? *maniacal laugh* Not by the hair of my chinny chin chin. Oh no!  You're not another one of those nasty pigs are you?! I gotta get out of here! Not again! Aaaaaaaaagh! Wow!  Look at him go! Oof! That landing wasn't so bad... What's this? A tiny bed? Momma Pappa! Somebodies been sleeping in my bed! And there he is! Well well well! What do we have here!? Looks like Mr. Wolf has a problem breaking into houses! No!  Wait!  It's a misunderstanding! Oh no! AAaaaaaagh! And the three pigs lived peacefully in there homes and never heard from the big bad wolf ever again. The moral? Never try to break into a pigs house. Because there's no telling what they've got waiting for intruders. Punch canon's, spring traps, even BEES!! Even Bees. Those pigs are crazy! The end! text Once upon a time there lived a mother piggy
and three of her piglets. Three brothers of the same height, round,
pink, with the same peppy tails. During the whole summer piglets were tipping
over in the green grass, basking in the sun, lazing in puddles. But the autumn was now so close. One day their mother claimed that it was time
for them to think about winter. She asked them to build a big house. The younger brother said that the winter is
still far away. The middle brother said that when it's necessary,
he would build himself a house. And the elder brother decided to build the
house himself. The younger and middle brothers were just
playing piggy games. Every day it got colder and colder. The younger brother decided to build a house
of straw. The middle brother thought that it would be
very cold in a straw house during the winter. He decided to build a house of lops and tops. By evening, their houses were ready. They were very proud of themselves and were
more than happy about their houses. Now they were free and could do whatever they
wanted! They decided to visit their elder brother
and see what kind of a house he built for himself. The elder brother was busy with the building
process. He dragged some stones, mixed the clay, and
kept building a safe and sturdily constructed house. The younger brothers found their elder brother
at work. They were very surprised at the kind of a
fortress he was building. The elder brother was calm and continued his
work. The younger and middle brothers began to make
fun of him and laugh at his house. They made so much fun that their yelping and
grunting spread far across the lawn. The elder brother asked them to be quieter,
because the wolf could hear them. This amused the younger and middle brothers
even more. They decided their elder brother was just
a coward. And the two brave brothers went for a walk. On their way, they were singing and dancing,
and when they came in the woods, they got so mad that they got the wolf awaken who was
sleeping under a pine tree. The wolf was so annoyed and hungry that he
went to the place where the squealing and grunting of the two stupid piglets came from. The brothers walked with fun and talked about
how easy it would be for them to deal with the wolf. And suddenly they saw a real live wolf! He stood behind a large tree. His eyes were so evil and he had such a large-toothed
jaws. The brothers were so frightened that their
thin tails were shaking so much. The wolf prepared for the jump - he snapped
his teeth and blinked with his right eye. The piglets suddenly came up to their senses
and, yelping all over the forest, they rushed to run away. Raising clouds of dust, they rushed back home,
each one to his own house. The younger brother ran to his thatched hut
and slammed the door in front of the wolf’s nose. The wolf growled and demanded to open the
door. The younger brother could not utter a word
in fright. Then the wolf began to blow. The light roof instantly flew from the thatched
house. The wolf took a deeper breath and blew for
the second time. The thatched house flew asunder. The wolf was delighted, he snapped his teeth
and attacked the younger brother. But the piglet wrapped himself up of the wolf
and rushed away. He ran to the middle brother's house. The brothers locked themselves up in time
and were scared to even look at each other. The wolf got angry and began to blow. The house squinted a bit. The wolf blew for the second time, then the
third, then the fourth. But the house was still standing. The wolf took a super-deep breath and blew
for the fifth time. The house stumbled and fell apart. Just the door alone stood for some time in
the middle of the ruins. Horrified, the piglets rushed to the elder
brother’s house. The wolf ran after them. He was sure that this time the piglets would
not run away from him. The piglets quickly rushed past a large apple
tree, without even hitting it. But the wolf didn't succeed to roll up and
eventually he hit the apple tree, shedding him with apples. One hard apple hit him right between the eyes. A big bump jumped up in the wolf's forehead. At this time, the younger and middle brothers
had time to run into the elder brother’s house and shut the door with the locking bolt. The wolf ran to the door, growled and demanded
to open it. The younger brothers were very scared and
could not say a word back. And the elder brother knew that he and his
brothers had nothing to fear for in a solid house made of stone. Then the wolf breathed in and blew as hard
as he could! But no matter how much he blew, not a one
tiny stone moved! And then he raised his head and noticed a
large, wide chimney on the roof. He carefully climbed onto the roof and began
to get down the chimney. The piglets heard a rustling sound. The elder brother immediately guessed what
was going on. He quickly rushed to the pot, where he had
the water boiling, and tore the lid off. The wolf climbed down the chimney and fell
right into the pot. His eyes glazed over, and with a wild roar,
the scalded wolf flew out of the chimney and rushed into the forest. And the three little piglets were watching
him with joy and pride that they had taught the evil robber a lesson so smartly. Since then, the brothers and their mother
have been living together in one big house. text Thumbelina There was once a woman who was very lonely,
and decided to go visit her friend the fairy. Hello dear, what brings you here? Dear fairy, I am so lonely. I wish I had a little daughter, even if she
was a teeny-weeny one. Well, you are a dear friend, so I will help
you. Take this grain of barley and go home and
plant it in a flower pot. But I want a little girl. What will I do with a grain of barley? Trust me and do as I say, you will receive
a very pleasant surprise. The woman went home and planted the grain
of barley, like the fairy had told her to. The next morning, she was amazed to see that the
grain had grown into a beautiful flower resembling a tulip, with its soft petals still shut tight. This is so beautiful, I have never seen anything
like it. The woman held the flower tenderly and kissed
it. Immediately, the petals opened, and there
lay a beautiful tiny girl. Oh – my – God! She is so pretty and dainty! I shall call her Thumbelina. And I must thank my friend the fairy for such
a lovely gift. The woman gently lifted the little girl from
the flower. Ah, now let me see how I can make her comfortable. This walnut shell shall be her bed, and I
think these flower petals can be used as a mattress and blanket. The woman placed Thumbelina on a tulip petal
floating on a plate during the day. How happy Thumbelina was! She drifted around on her little lake, singing
in the most sweet voice ever. One night, when Thumbelina was fast asleep
in her tiny walnut shell, a horrible looking frog saw her from the window. Who is this tiny thing? She is so pretty. I think she will make a fine bride for my
dear toadie and a very good daughter-in-law for me. The frog hopped inside, and carried away the
sleeping Thumbelina to the pond mama, oh where were you? I am so hungry. Stop complaining all the time. Look what I have brought for you. This beautiful creature will be the perfect
bride for you. Croak croak, croak croak! Yes, yes. I know you are very excited. Now we have to make a nice bridal room in
the marsh so that you can marry her and stay there with her. The croaking noise woke up Thumbelina. She looked around, feeling very scared on
seeing the frog and toad. She is awake, she is awake, my bride is awake! Bride? Of this ugly looking creature? Never! His eyes look like they will pop out any minute! How dare you! You will marry my son and be a good and obedient
wife. I will make sure you can never escape from
here. The frog put Thumbelina on the leaf of a water
lily in the middle of the pond. Thumbelina sobbed and cried out for help. Help, help, someone please help me. Some fish swimming nearby had seen and heard
everything. Look at that poor dear sobbing her heart out! That horrible toad will make an awful husband. Friends, we must not allow the nasty frog
and her ugly son to get away with their horrible plan. Come, let us nibble at the root of this lily
and set it free. And so they nibbled and nibbled and nibbled
till the leaf of the lily was free and floated away. Thumbelina sailed past many beautiful places
and saw many pretty sights. One day, a big cockchafer saw her and
carried her away to to a large tree. He was very proud of her and invited all his
friends to come and have a look at her. She looks so weird! She is actually ugly! And she is not one of us, so how can you even
think of marrying her? Are you out of your mind? When all his friends said the same thing,
the cockchafer thought they might be right, so he put Thumbelina on the ground and flew
away. Poor Thumbelina! She walked and walked in the wood, eating
whatever she could find and drinking the dew on the flowers. Summer turned to autumn, and soon the bitter
cold winter arrived. It is getting so cold. Unless I find somewhere to take shelter, I
will surely freeze to death. Brrrr…. As Thumbelina was walking in a field, she
suddenly came across a tiny door. Ah! I think this must be the house of a field
mouse. I hope it is a kind mouse who will give me
something to eat and let me stay for some time Thumbelina knocked on the door, and very soon
it was opened by a mouse. I am very hungry, could you please give me
something to eat? What are you doing out in the cold? Come in and warm yourself near the fire. You can share my dinner, I have some hot soup
and cheese and bread. Thank you so much ma’am, you are so kind. Soon Thumbelina had eaten a nice meal prepared
by the mouse, and feeling tired, she just wanted to sleep for sometime. Your house is so warm and cosy. May I sleep here tonight? I am really tired after walking for so long. Well, if you have nowhere to go you can certainly
rest here. In fact, if you can keep my house neat and
clean, you can stay here for the whole winter. Can you do that? Of course! Thank you so much! So Thumbelina spent the winter with the mouse. One day, the mouse said to Thumbelina. Please clean the house very well, as I have
a very dear friend visiting me tomorrow. A friend? Is it another mouse? No, no, it is my good friend the mole. Oh, he is so rich, he has such a large home. You know what, I have a great idea! If you could sing sweetly for my friend and
tell him some nice stories, he might even marry you. Even though he is blind, he will look after
you well and all your worries will be over. When the mole came to visit, he fell in love
with Thumbelina’s beautiful voice and asked to marry her. I am so, so happy, I’m sure you will both
make a wonderful couple. Let us start making preparations for a summer
wedding. As the mole was leaving the hole leading to
the mouse’s house, he kicked a sparrow lying Don’t kick the poor little thing. Can’t you see it is hurt? Where did this piece of filth come from? These pesky things keep flying all over and
don’t bother to make a home for winter. This sparrow deserves to die! Thumbelina was shocked at the mole’s behaviour. She couldn’t imagine how anyone could be
so cruel. Oh, you poor birdie, I will nurse you back
to health. Though the mouse got angry, Thumbelina cared
very lovingly for the sparrow till it was strong enough to fly away. As her wedding day was coming closer and closer, I can’t marry that mole, I would rather
die! Not only is he stupid and ugly, he is a total
savage! And I can’t imagine living all my life in
a hole. I want to be out in the sun, breathe the fresh
air and see all the lovely flowers and birds. I have to escape from the mouse and mole. Suddenly, Thumbelina heard a sound, and looked
up to see the sparrow she had looked after. My dear, you are a gentle and kind soul, that
horrible mole does not deserve you. Winter is soon going to come, and I am flying
away to a warm land. Why don’t you just hop on to my back and
come with me? I will take you far away from the mole and
the mouse. Thank you, thank you so much dear friend! I have to escape from here. So Thumbelina jumped on to the sparrow’s
back, and away, away, away they flew to the beautiful land of flowers. Whee! This is so wonderful! The sparrow very gently put Thumbelina on
the petal of a large yellow flower. Thumbelina was tired after her long journey,
and immediately fell asleep. The sparrow sat on a tree above, looking after
her. A little later, she woke up to the sound of
a very gentle voice. Who is this pretty maiden? I have never seen her here before. Thumbelina got scared on seeing the stranger. Oh, don’t be afraid. I am the king of flowers. I have never seen anyone as beautiful as you. Will you be my queen? Suddenly, Thumbelina’s friend, the sparrow,
flew down. Thumbelina, Thumbelina, this is the King of
Flowers. He is a very, very kind man, and everyone
here loves him. I know! So, my dear, what do you say? Will you be my wife? The king was so kind and handsome, how could
Thumbelina refuse? And so she married the king and became the
queen of flowers, living happily ever after. Tom Thumb There once lived a woodman and his wife who
had no children. How I wish we had children to enjoy our evenings
with. Yes, I really wish we had a child who would
bring us joy, even if it was a tiny thing as big as my thumb. And lo, the wife’s wish was fulfilled! She got a little boy who was only as high
as her thumb! How tiny he is! But he is our child and we shall love him
dearly. And we shall name him Thomas. Though the woodman and his wife fed Tom plenty
of healthy food, he did not grow higher than his father’s thumb, and everyone called
him Tom Thumb. But he was one smart little fellow who was
always happy and loved his parents . I have to go to the woods to chop wood, and
I am late. If I wait to get the cart ready, I will be
even more late. But then how will I get the wood back without
the cart? Don’t you worry dad, I will bring the cart. Ha ha ha! And how will you do that son? You can’t even reach the bridle of the horse! Oh, that is not a worry! Mama will harness the horse, and I will get
into its ear and tell it where to go. I don’t think… Oh, come on dad, at least give me a chance
to prove myself. I know I can do it. Well, if you are sure.. Sure I’m sure. The cart will reach you when you want it,
trust me. And so Tom set out to take the cart to his
father. He sat right near the horse’s ear and guided
it to the woods. On the way, two men passed near the cart. I say, I hear a voice from somewhere near
that cart, but I can’t see anyone! Am I imagining things? No, no, you’re right, even I can hear a
voice but can’t see anyone. Let’s follow that cart. And so the two men kept following the cart
till it reached the woodman. Hey dad, I’’m here. See, I told you I could do it. Not take me down. The two men could not believe their eyes when
they saw the woodman gently pick up a tiny boy from the horse’s ear! Holy cow! Is that guy for real? If we can get hold of him, we will make a
fortune by just showing him around! Let’s go and ask that woodman how much he
will sell him for. Hey, old man, how much would you take for
this little chap? How dare you! This is my son, and I wouldn’t part with
him for anything! Get lost from here! Now Tom was a very smart fellow, and quietly
whispered into his father’s ear. Dad, just take a good amount from them. Don’t worry, I will come back to you in
no time. Er, okay. If you really want him, I will give him to
you, but you must pay me a good sum. After deciding the price, the two men paid
the woodman and took Tom away with them. Where do you want to sit, little fellow? Oh, just put me on the brim of your hat, I’ll
have a fine view from there. So Tom perched himself on the hat and off
they went. After some time, they decided to rest awhile
at a field, and this was the opportunity Tom was waiting for. As soon as he was put on the ground, he ran
fast on his tiny legs along the ploughed field till he saw a hole, and quickly scampered
down. Hey! Hey you, get back up here if you know what’s
good for you. He he he! First see if you can catch me! The two men tried poking and prodding with
a stick to get Tom out, but all in vain. Finally, they went away in a huff. Tom looked around, and seeing a snail shell
close by, crept into it and fell fast asleep. When he woke up after a while, he heard the voices of two robbers who were making plans
to rob the house of the parson. Hey, I could help you do that! Who is there? Look down here mister. Oh ho, it is a little fellow of 2 inches! Or is it 3 inches? Forget how many inches I am and listen to
me. I can easily sneak into the parson’s house
and throw out whatever you want. The two robbers whispered between themselves. Okay, if we agree, what would you want? I will tell you that later. Let’s go now. On reaching the parson’s house, Tom went
in through the window bars, and started yelling. Shall I throw out the money now? What else do you want me to throw out? You silly fellow, stop shouting, stop shouting. But it was too late! The parson’s cook woke up and rushed to
see what was happening, and on seeing her, the robbers ran away. Ha ha ha ha! Taught those robbers a lesson they will never
forget. (yawn). I’m really tired now. Ah, that hay looks to be comforatble enough
to sleep on. Tom was soon fast asleep. Alas! The next morning, the cook came out early
and threw the hay for the cow to eat. When Tom woke up, it was very,very dark. Why is it so dark? It surely can’t be night still. And where am I? I remember I fell asleep on the hay. Just then Tom heard the cook. Here Daisy dear, have some more hay and then
give me some lovely creamy milk. Oh my God! The cow has eaten the hay I was lying on! Hey! Hey! Don’t give any more hay, there is no more
place for me here! It is getting all stuffy and I am getting
squeezed tight! Oh my good Lord! The cow is talking! Master, master, come fast, the cow is bewitched! Have you gone mad woman? Stop talking nonsense. The cow talking! Indeed! But then the parson also heard Tom’s voice. Stop the hay, I am getting suffocated in here! Quick, get the axe and kill the cow! The cow was killed and its stomach split open
and thrown away. Phew! Finally I’m out! Feeling bad the poor cow had to get killed. Ah well! Nice to see the sun shining brightly. But Tom’s adventure was not yet over. As he was walking along, a wicked wolf saw
him and quickly pounced on him and gulped him down. (slurp). That was a tasty morsel, but I am still hungry. So now I am in the stomach of a wolf! Tasty morsel, eh? I will show him. Yoo hoo, Mr. Wolf, you want some really, really
good food? Eh? Who is this? It is the tasty morsel Mr. Wolf. If you want more, I can lead you to a place
where you can eat a whole lot of goodies. You know, apple tarts, cold chicken, yummy
slices of ham… Where, where, tell me where! Tom, the smart lad that he was, gave directions
to the wolf that led to his own house! When they reached there, he told the wolf
how to make its way to the kitchen through the drain outside the house. The wolf squeezed and squeezed and squeezed
itself till it finally reached the kitchen. Ooooh! That was a real tight squeeze, thought I would
get stuck in there for ever! When the wolf looked around, he saw all the
tasty food that Tom had told him about.. Ah! Look at these goodies! Worth the trouble getting here. The wolf sat down and quickly started gobbling
down all the food. Belch! That was a wonderful meal. But I seem to have eaten too much, I am not
able to move now. Now you’ve had it, Mr. Bad, Bad Wolf! Suddenly, Tom started kicking and shouting
in the wolf’s stomach. Ouch, ouch! Hey you, stop it, will you? But Tom continued with the kicking and shouting. He made so much noise that his father and
mother came running to the kitchen to see what the matter was
Good Heavens! How did this wolf get into the kitchen? The woodman dashes to the shed to get an axe
to kill the wolf, when suddenly he hears a voice. Dad, dad! Be careful when you kill this fellow. I am in his stomach! What!! Don’t you worry Tom, I’ll get you out. This glutton has eaten so much he won’t
be able to run. So saying, the woodman hit the wolf hard on
the head. When the wolf fell over, he quickly cut open
his stomach and took out Tom. My child! Where did you go? I missed you so much. Never again will I let you out of my sight. Hello mom, hello dad, nice to see you both
again. Right now I just want to have a bath, change
out of these filthy clothes, and then have a good meal. But where have you been, my child? That is a very, very long story, and right
now I just want to eat and then have a nice long sleep. The story will have to wait for another time. text Animals have such an easy life Tia!  No school, no rules, no homework! What do they have to worry about?  Everybody has their troubles Tofu.  Let me tell you the story of Thumbelina.  Once upon a time a woman lived by herself in a far away village She was very lonely after her husband had died She always wanted to have a child but alas, she didn’t have any. One day she went to her friend  who was a witch The witch gave her a grain of barley  and told her to go back home and plant it The woman did as she was told The next morning a beautiful plant had grown from the seed It had a lovely flower that looked like a tulip The woman had never seen a flower like that  and was mesmerized by its beauty She gently kissed one of its petals As she did that the flower blossomed open. Inside it was a beautiful little girl no bigger than the size of the woman’s thumb The woman instantly fell in love with her  and called her Thumbelina Thumbelina took away the woman’s loneliness In the day she would tell her stories and talk to her Sometimes she would make Thumbelina a boat out of a tulip petal which she could row in a plate full of water At night Thumbelina would sleep in a bed out of a walnut shell  with a blanket made of a rose petal One night as she was sleeping, a frog came to her window and saw her He thought to himself, what a beautiful girl! She will make a lovely bride for my son And so he grabbed Thumbelina and hopped away to his home When his son saw his bride-to-be, he was very happy. She is beautiful father. I will marry her But before that I want to build her a beautiful house.  Okay, son I will put her on the water lily in the middle of the pond till then This way, she will not be able to escape And so the frog put Thumbelina in the middle of the pond  on a water lily leaf.  Thumbelina tried to escape from her new home but when she couldn’t, she broke down crying Two minnows were sitting under the same leaf and they heard her cry They asked her about her troubles and when she told them, they decided to help her They nibbled away the lily stem Soon it broke and floated away with Thumbelina.  Just when Thumbelina thought she was free a beetle came down and took her away to his home He called over his friends to introduce them to his pretty prisoner But the beetle’s friends told him that she was too different than them  and she didn’t belong with them.  I agree. I think I should let her go And so he dropped her in the long grass and flower Thumbelina was very happy that she was free from her captors However, she still did not know where her home was.  She spent many days in the grass and between the flowers She would eat the pollen of the flowers  and drink the dew from the their leaves One day as she was walking she stumbled upon a small house made of mud It had a strange round entrance She went up to it and knocked on the door.  A mouse opened the door Oh, hello there!  Isn’t it could out there for you today?  come in please Thank you so much Once Thumbelina was settled comfortably in the mouse’s house he asked her about who she was Thumbelina told him her entire story Do not worry. You can stay here as long as you like So, Thumbelina started staying in her new found home To make herself useful in the house she would cook for the mouse and tell him stories After a few days the mouse said he had invited a guest over He is the richest mouse in all the land.  He is a very good friend of mine That night, the mouse’s friend came over for dinner They all talked and had a very good time During the course of dinner, the friend fell in love with Thumbelina and declared that he would marry her Thumbelina had no choice but to go along with what was happening When the friend offered to show her his home, she agreed to visit his house And the three of them set off together On the way, they entered a tunnel There they found an injured swallow lying on the ground The mouse’s friend kicked it and rudely said Serves her right!  What is she doing in the tunnels?  He should have stayed in the air Thumbelina was shocked to see that someone could treat another like this Unseen by the mice she ran away from there Once she was sure that the mice had left she came back and attended to the swallow.  She took great care of her  till she was fit to fly again It became spring by the time the swallow could fly again she told Thumbelina I have to go join my family and friends They have flown away to a warmer place I can not stay here.  Come with me But Thumbelina had had enough adventure  and did not want to go anywhere else And so the swallow flew away A few months had passed  when the love-struck friend of the mouse found Thumbelina again Oh my beloved!  I have been looking for you everywhere Now I have found you and must marry you. Thumbelina knew there was no way out of it for her So she asked him if she could spend one last day out in the open air before she was confined to living the rest of her life underground with him As she roamed the open fields for one last time she heard a familiar voice  Come, come away with me where your spirit will always be free.  Thumbelina saw her old friend who had returned for her This time around she agreed and hopped on the back of the swallow and they took off They flew over land and water and fields of green When they reached the land of the flowers the swallow landed Thumbelina on a beautiful flower petal. This is the kingdom of the flowers. And that is their King Thumbelina saw a handsome young King with beautiful wings He was surrounded by lovely flowers As soon as she saw him, she knew she wanted to call this place home Her presence attracted the Kings attention he too fell in love with her immediately Will you marry me?  Yes! As happiness spread across her face she grew a beautiful pair of wings and became the Flower Queen Oh wow, Tia!  I don’t know what I would do, if I would land in such a strange world I think I am happy where I am text THUMBELINA There was once a woman who was very lonely,
and decided to go visit her friend the fairy. Hello dear, what brings you here? Dear fairy, I am so lonely. I wish I had a little daughter, even if she
was a teeny-weeny one. Well, you are a dear friend, so I will help
you. Take this grain of barley and go home and
plant it in a flower pot. But I want a little girl. What will I do with a grain of barley? Trust me and do as I say, you will receive
a very pleasant surprise. The woman went home and planted the grain
of barley, like the fairy had told her to. The next morning, she was amazed to see that the
grain had grown into a beautiful flower resembling a tulip, with its soft petals still shut tight. This is so beautiful, I have never seen anything
like it. The woman held the flower tenderly and kissed
it. Immediately, the petals opened, and there
lay a beautiful tiny girl. Oh – my – God! She is so pretty and dainty! I shall call her Thumbelina. And I must thank my friend the fairy for such
a lovely gift. The woman gently lifted the little girl from
the flower. Ah, now let me see how I can make her comfortable. This walnut shell shall be her bed, and I
think these flower petals can be used as a mattress and blanket. The woman placed Thumbelina on a tulip petal
floating on a plate during the day. How happy Thumbelina was! She drifted around on her little lake, singing
in the most sweet voice ever. One night, when Thumbelina was fast asleep
in her tiny walnut shell, a horrible looking frog saw her from the window. Who is this tiny thing? She is so pretty. I think she will make a fine bride for my
dear toadie and a very good daughter-in-law for me. The frog hopped inside, and carried away the
sleeping Thumbelina to the pond Oh Where are you? I am so hungry. Stop complaining all the time. Look what I have brought for you. This beautiful creature will be the perfect
bride for you. Croak croak, croak croak! Yes, yes. I know you are very excited. Now we have to make a nice bridal room in
the marsh so that you can marry her and stay there with her. Croak croak! croak croak! The croaking noise woke up Thumbelina. She looked around, feeling very scared on
seeing the frog and toad. She is awake, she is awake, my bride is awake! Bride? Of this ugly looking creature? Never! His eyes look like they will pop out any minute! How dare you! You will marry my son and be a good and obedient
wife. I will make sure you can never escape from
here. The frog put Thumbelina on the leaf of a water
lily in the middle of the pond. Thumbelina sobbed and cried out for help. Help, help, someone please help me. Some fish swimming nearby had seen and heard
everything. Look at that poor dear sobbing her heart out! That horrible toad will make an awful husband. Friends, we must not allow the nasty frog
and her ugly son to get away with their horrible plan. Come, let us nibble at the root of this lily
and set it free. And so they nibbled and nibbled and nibbled
till the leaf of the lily was free and floated away. Thumbelina sailed past many beautiful places
and saw many pretty sights. One day, a big cockchafer saw her and
carried her away to to a large tree. He was very proud of her and invited all his
friends to come and have a look at her. She looks so weird! She is actually ugly! And she is not one of us, so how can you even
think of marrying her? Are you out of your mind? When all his friends said the same thing,
the cockchafer thought they might be right, so he put Thumbelina on the ground and flew
away. Poor Thumbelina! She walked and walked in the wood, eating
whatever she could find and drinking the dew on the flowers. Summer turned to autumn, and soon the bitter
cold winter arrived. It is getting so cold. Unless I find somewhere to take shelter, I
will surely freeze to death. Brrrr…. As Thumbelina was walking in a field, she
suddenly came across a tiny door. Ah! I think this must be the house of a field
mouse. I hope it is a kind mouse who will give me
something to eat and let me stay for some time Thumbelina knocked on the door, and very soon
it was opened by a mouse. I am very hungry, could you please give me
something to eat? What are you doing out in the cold? Come in and warm yourself near the fire. You can share my dinner, I have some hot soup
and cheese and bread. Thank you so much, you are so kind. Soon Thumbelina had eaten a nice meal prepared
by the mouse, and feeling tired, she just wanted to sleep for sometime. Your house is so warm and cosy. May I sleep here tonight? I am really tired after walking for so long. Well, if you have nowhere to go you can certainly
rest here. In fact, if you can keep my house neat and
clean, you can stay here for the whole winter. Can you do that? Of course! Thank you so much! So Thumbelina spent the winter with the mouse. One day, the mouse went to Thumbelina Please clean the house very well, as I have
a very dear friend visiting me tomorrow. Friend? Is it another mouse? No, no, it is my good friend the mole. Oh, he is so rich, he has such a large home. And what I have a great idea! If you could sing sweetly for my friend and
tell him some nice stories, he might even marry you. Even though he is blind, he will look after
you well and all your worries will be over. When the mole came to visit, he fell in love
with Thumbelina’s beautiful voice and asked to marry her. I am so, so happy, I’m sure you will both
make a wonderful couple. Let us start making preparations for a summer
wedding. As the mole was leaving the hole leading to
the mouse’s house, he kicked a sparrow lying there Don’t kick the poor little thing. Can’t you see it is hurt? Where did this piece of filth come from? These pesky things keep flying all over and
don’t bother to make a home for winter. This sparrow deserves to die! Thumbelina was shocked at the mole’s behaviour. She couldn’t imagine how anyone could be
so cruel. Oh, you poor birdie, I will nurse you back
to health. Though the mouse got angry, Thumbelina cared
very lovingly for the sparrow till it was strong enough to fly away. As her wedding day was coming closer and closer, I can’t marry that mole, I would rather
die! Not only is he stupid and ugly, he is a total
savage! And I can’t imagine living all my life in
a hole. I want to be out in the sun, breathe the fresh
air and see all the lovely flowers and birds. I have to escape from the mouse and mole. Suddenly, Thumbelina heard a sound, and looked
up to see the sparrow she had looked after. My dear, you are a gentle and kind soul, that
horrible mole does not deserve you. Winter is soon going to come, and I am flying
away to a warm land. Why don’t you just hop on to my back and
come with me? I will take you far away from the mole and
the mouse. Thank you, thank you so much dear friend! I have to escape from here. So Thumbelina jumped on to the sparrow’s
back, and away, away, away they flew to the beautiful land of flowers. Whee! This is so wonderful! The sparrow very gently put Thumbelina on
the petal of a large yellow flower. Thumbelina was tired after her long journey,
and immediately fell asleep. The sparrow sat on a tree above, looking after
her. A little later, she woke up to the sound of
a very gentle voice. Who is this pretty maiden? I have never seen her here before. Thumbelina got scared on seeing the stranger. Oh, don’t be afraid. I am the king of flowers. I have never seen anyone as beautiful as you. Will you be my queen? Suddenly, Thumbelina’s friend, the sparrow,
flew down. Thumbelina, Thumbelina, this is the King of
Flowers. He is a very, very kind man, and everyone
here loves him. I know! So, my dear, what do you say? Will you be my wife? The king was so kind and handsome, how could
Thumbelina refuse? And so she married the king and became the
queen of flowers, living happily ever after. text there was once a woman who was very lonely and decided to go visit her friend the fairy hello dear what brings you here dear fairy i'm so lonely i wish i had a little daughter even if she was a teeny-weeny one well you are a dear friend so I will help you take this grain of barley &amp; go home and plant in a flower pot but I want a little girl what will I do with a grain of barley trust me and do as I say you will receive a very pleasant surprise the woman went home and planted the grain of barley like the fairy told her to the next morning she was amazed to see that the grain had grown into a beautiful flower resembling Sheila with its soft petals still shut tight this is so beautiful i have never seen anything like it the woman held the flower tenderly and kissed it immediately the petals opened and there lay a beautiful tiny girl oh my god she's so pretty and dainty I shall call her Thumbelina and I must thank my friend the fairy for such a lovely gift the woman gently lifted the little girl from the flower now let me see how I can make her comfortable this walnut shell shall be her bed and I think these flower petals can be used as a mattress and blanket the woman placed Thumbelina on a tulip castle floating on a plate during the day how happy thumbelina was she drifted around on our little lake singing in the most sweet voice ever one night when Thumbelina was fast asleep in her tiny walnut shell a horrible-looking frog saw her who is this tiny thing she's so pretty I think she will make a fine bride for my dear toady and a very good daughter-in-law for me the Frog hopped inside and carried away the sleeping Thumbelina to the pond where up up where up oh where are you i am so hungry stop complaining all the time look what I have brought for you this beautiful creature will be the perfect bride for you croak croak croak yes yes i know you are very excited now we have to make a nice bridal room in the marsh so that you can marry her and stay there with her broke broke broke the croaking noise woke up Thumbelina she looked around feeling very scared on seeing the frog and toad she is awake she's awake my bride is awake bride of this ugly looking creature never his eyes look like they will pop out at any minute how dare you you will marry my son and be a good and obedient wife i will make sure you can never escape from here the Frog both on the later on the leaf of the wall turning in the middle of the thumbelina sobbed and cried out for you help help someone please help me some fish swimming nearby and seen and heard everything look at that part dear sobbing her heart out that horrible code will make an awful husband friends we must not allow the nasty frog and her ugly son to get away with their horrible plan come let us nibble at the root of this lily and set it free and say they nibbled nibbled nibbled till the leaf of the lily was free and floated away from Thumbelina sail passed many beautiful places and so many pretty summits one day a big cock Schaefer saw her and carried her away to a large tree he was very proud of her and invited all his friends to come and have a look at her she looks so weird she's actually ugly it's just not one of us so how can you even think of marrying her are you out of your mind when all his friends at the same thing the cock Schaefer thought they might be right so we put Thumbelina on the ground and flew away poor Thumbelina she walked and walked in the wood eating whatever she could find and drinking the juice of flowers summer turned to autumn and soon the bitter cold winter arrived it's getting so cold unless I find someone to take shelter i will surely freeze to death or as Thumbelina was walking in a field she suddenly came across a tiny door this must be the house of field mouse i i hope this kind mouse will give me something to eat and let me sleep for some time Thumbelina knocked on the door and very soon it was opened by a mouse am very hungry could you please give me something to eat what are you filling out the cold come in and warm yourself near the fire you can share my dinner I have some hot soup and cheese and bread thank you so much you are so kind soon Thumbelina head eating a nice meal prepared by the mouse and feeling tired she just wanted to sleep for sometime your house is so warm and cozy may i sleep here tonight and really tired after walking for so long well if you have nowhere to go you can certainly rest here in fact if you can keep my house neat and clean you can stay here for the whole winter can you do that of course thank you so much so Thumbelina spent the winter with the mouse one day the master Thumbelina please clean the house very well as i have a dear friend visiting me tomorrow friend isn't another Mouse No nol it's my good friend the mall oh he's so rich he has such a large home you know what I have a great idea if you could sing sweetly for my friend and tell him some nice stories he might even marry you even though he is blind he will look after you well and all your worries will be over when the mole came to visit he fell in love with thumbelina's beautiful voice and asks to marry her I'm so happy I'm sure you both will make a wonderful couple let us start making preparations for a summer wedding as the mole was leaving the whole leading to the mouse's house he kicked ass power lying don't take the poor little thing can't you see it's her where did this piece of filth come from these pesky things keep flying all over and don't bother to make home for winter the sparrow deserves to die Thumbelina was shocked at the moles behavior she can't imagine how anyone could be so cruel you poor Bernie i will nurse you back to help though the mouse got angry Thumbelina cared very lovingly for the sparrow till it was strong enough to fly away as her wedding day was coming closer and closer i can't marry that mole i would rather die not only is he stupid and ugly he is a total savage I can't imagine living all my life in a hole I want to be out in the Sun breathe the fresh air and see all the lovely flowers and birds i have to escape from the mouse and the mole suddenly Thumbelina heard a sound and looked up to see the sparrow she looked after my dear you are gentle and kind soul that horrible mole does not deserve you winter is soon going to come and Im flying away to a warm land what dont just hop onto my back and come with me I will take you far away from the mole and the mouse thank you thank you so much to your friend I have to escape from here so Thumbelina jumped onto the sparrows back and away away away they flew to the beautiful land of flowers we this is so wonderful the sparrow very gently put Thumbelina on the petal of a large yellow flower Thumbelina was tired after a long journey and immediately fell asleep the sparrow sat on the tree above looking after her a little later she woke up to the sound of a very gentle voice who is this pretty maiden I have never seen her here before Thumbelina got scared on seeing the stranger oh don't be afraid i am the king of flowers i have never seen anyone as beautiful as you will you be my queen suddenly thumbelina's friend the sparrow flew down and Thumbelina Thumbelina this is the king of flowers he is a very very kind man and everyone here loves him I know so my dear what do you say will you be my wife the king was so kind and handsome how could Thumbelina refuse and so she married the king and became the queen of flowers living happily ever after text Once upon a time, there was a woman who was
sad because she had no children. Seeing her unhappiness, a neighbor gave her
a magical seed. The neighbor told the woman to plant the seed
in a flower pot. That evening, the woman planted the seed. The next morning, she noticed that a plant
had grown in the pot overnight.The plant had a flower like a tulip, but it was closed up
tightly into a bud. “What a beautiful plant,” said the woman,
and she kissed the flower. When she did, the petals opened wide. There, in the middle of the flower, sat a
tiny girl no bigger than a thumb. “I will call you Thumbelina,” said the
woman. Thumbelina lived a happy life with the woman. At night, she slept in a polished walnut shell. During the day, she
sailed about in a saucer of water with a tulip leaf as her boat. Then, one night, everything changed. A mother toad hopped through a broken window
into the house. She landed right beside the sleeping Thumbelina. “What a beautiful wife she would make for
my toad son!” exclaimed the mother. So she picked up the sleeping Thumbelina and
carried her into the garden. There, she told her son of her plans.“While
we prepare for the wedding, we will place her on a water lily
leaf in the river. That way she cannot escape,” said the mother. When Thumbelina awoke the next morning, she
realized that she was no longer in her cozy bed. She began to cry. The mother toad and her son ignored her tears
and continued with their plans. But Thumbelina’s cries had not gone unheard. The little fish in the river felt sorry for
her. They nibbled at the lily pad stem until the
leaf broke free from its roots. The leaf floated down the river, carrying
Thumbelina with it. Thumbelina floated along. It was summertime. She ate wild berries for food. She listened to the birds chirping, and she
admired the butterflies. Before long, though, summer came to an end. The weather grew colder, and soon there were
no more berries for food. The birds and butterflies disappeared. One day, as snow began to fall, Thumbelina
curled up under a mushroom. Not far away, a field mouse was gathering
wood for her fireplace. When she saw Thumbelina, she said,
“My poor dear, you must come home with me.” Thumbelina gratefully accepted the field mouse’s
invitation. She spent the rest of the winter in the mouse’s
snug burrow. Every day, Thumbelina helped the field mouse
with her housework. When they were done, they sat and chatted
before the fire. They became friends. Now, the field mouse had a wealthy, or rich,
neighbor called Mr. Mole. Mr. Mole became a regular visitor at the field
mouse’s home. One evening Mr. Mole invited Thumbelina and
the field mouse to come to his house. They accepted the invitation and followed
him down a hole and into an underground passageway. As they moved along the passageway, they passed
an injured bird lying perfectly still. “Pay no attention,” said Mr. Mole. “This swallow has a broken wing. Somehow he found his way into my passageway. Nothing can be done to help him.” With that, the mole and field mouse hurried
on, but Thumbelina did not. She was worried about the hurt bird, so she
stayed and stroked the bird’s feathers. Suddenly the bird moved. Thumbelina promised the bird that she would
return with food. And, for the rest of the winter, that is what
she did. When spring arrived, the swallow felt well
enough to fly away. He asked Thumbelina to come with him, but
she said no. She could not leave her friend the field mouse. The spring and summer months passed. It had become clear that Mr. Mole wanted to
marry Thumbelina. Thumbelina did not care for Mr. Mole at all. But her friend, the field mouse, was in favor
of the marriage. Together, Mr. Mole and the field mouse made
plans for the wedding. One day, as Thumbelina sat quietly weeping
in the autumn sunshine, a dark shadow appeared. It was the swallow. “Thumbelina,” said the swallow. “I am flying south to warmer places. Come with me.” This time, Thumbelina agreed. She climbed upon the swallow’s back and
off they went. They flew for many days. Finally, the swallow landed in a lovely little
spot, filled with flowers. Thumbelina looked at the flower next to her. She watched the petals slowly open. There, in the middle of the flower, sat a
little man with a golden crown.He was the same tiny size as Thumbelina! Thumbelina watched in amazement as all of
the other flowers opened. Each flower had its own tiny person inside. The little man with the crown said, “Welcome,
Thumbelina. You have found a new home at last. Here you shall be my queen.” He placed a tiny golden crown on Thumbelina’s
head. He fastened a pair of pale wings to her shoulders. And so, Thumbelina and the king got married
and lived happily ever after in the land of the flowers and the fairies. text Once upon a time, in a faraway land, there lived a woman who desperately wanted a child but could not bear one. She cried every day from sadness. One day, as she cried, a fairy appeared before her. Why are you crying? Tell me, maybe I can help. I have no one. I want a daughter. She would be a friend to me. Okay, don’t cry anymore. I’m going to give you a seed. Plant it and place it where it can get plenty of sunshine, also sing to it every day. When it grows and blooms, you will see a surprise. The woman did everything as the fairy said. She sat by the flowerpot and sang to it every day. One day, she saw a small sprout. Soon after, the sprout turned into a pink rose bud. The woman was so joyful and happy, one day when as she was smelling the rose, she kissed it. Suddenly, the rose petals slowly started to unfold. Inside was a blonde haired, pink-cheeked little girl as small as a thumb. She was so shocked and delighted! She realized why the fairy had given her that seed. She immediately took the girl into her palms and started talking to her. My beautiful girl, welcome to your home! I’m your mother. Your name shall be Thumbelina. She immediately made a cradle for her out of walnut shells, a bed out of violet leaves and a blanket out of rose petals. Thumbelina was so happy with her mother. She sang songs and danced with her. Her mother filled a cup with water and placed some walnut shells inside. Thumbelina would ride around with the leaves and shells for hours. Time passed and Thumbelina had grown, yet she was still tiny. One night, as Thumbelina was sleeping in her bed, an ugly frog entered through a gap in the window. He stared at Thumbelina as she slept. Hmmm, hmmm. Croak! She’s so beautiful! Just the perfect girl to be my daughter-in-law. He slowly picked her up and placed her next to the pond in the garden. His son immediately ran towards his father. Croak, croak! This girl, who is to be my wife, is so beautiful, Father. Let’s keep her on this lotus flower until we prepare everything, so that she doesn’t escape. In the morning, Thumbelina who opened her eyes on the lotus flower noticed she was in the middle of pond was very scared and so started crying. All the fish in the pond that heard her voice swam towards her. Why are you crying, what’s wrong? What am I doing here? I was happily sleeping in my bed. I opened my eyes and I’m here. I want to go home, to my mother. That ugly frog and his son put you here. Apparently, you’re going to get married, don’t you want to? Noooo, noooo! help me..please! All the fish started gnawing at the stalk of the lotus flower rooted at the bottom of the pond. As the stalk broke, the lotus started drifting with the wind. It floated all the way to the side of the pond. But this time, a beetle living on the tree saw Thumbelina. Ohh! An interesting insect that doesn’t look like us. Let me take it home so my friends can see it, too! He immediately grabbed Thumbelina and took her to his home in the tree. His friends were very surprised. It looks just like a human! Take her away; we don’t want her in our home! The beetle thought he had upset his friends, so he took Thumbelina and left her in the forest. Thumbelina who was incredibly hungry and thirsty, was trying to drink water from the flowers. Since she couldn’t find anything to eat, she felt weak. The weather was also extremely cold, so she started shivering. Her clothes were even for summer. She walked for a long time to find some shelter. Finally, in front of a small pile of soil, a door appeared. She knocked on the door with joy. An elderly lady mouse opened the door. I’m very cold and very hungry. Please take me into your home! And who are you? My name is Thumbelina. I’m going to tell you everything that has happened. But first can you please take me inside; I’m so cold. Come on in, beautiful Thumbelina. When she went in, Mrs. Mouse fed Thumbelina until she was full. And she told Mrs. Mouse everything that had happened to her one by one. As they were living together, one day, someone knocked on the door. They had a visitor. Ohh..Welcome, Mr. Mole. Thank you! And who is this beautiful girl, Mrs. Mouse? Let me introduce you, this is Thumbelina. We live together now. Very nice to meet you, Sir. Admiring the beauty of Thumbelina, Mr. Mole was now visiting Mrs. Mouse’s house every day. He would bring lots of gifts and food to get Thumbelina’s attention. After some time, Mr. Mole decided to speak to Thumbelina. Thumbelina, I like you very much. I’d like to marry you and start a family, that is if you would like to, of course. Mr. Mole, thank you very much. You’re a gentleman, but I’m not thinking about getting married. At night, Mrs. Mouse wanted to speak to Thumbelina about this. She thought Thumbelina could be happy. You don’t want to get married but let’s just go to his house together. If you change your mind, you’ll see what kind of home you’ll be living in. What do you say? Actually, Thumbelina didn’t want to marry Mr. Mole because moles live under the ground without seeing the sun. This was not appropriate for her. She was a girl of sunshine. Thumbelina didn’t want to break Mrs. Mouse’s heart, so she followed her and headed straight to Mr. Mole’s home. But, before they got there, they saw an unconscious pigeon on the way. Thumbelina ran right over to it. She wanted to know what had happened. When she carefully examined it, she realized that the pigeons’ wing was injured. She rushed back home, grabbed the first aid kit and returned to the unconscious pigeon. She dressed the wound and wrapped it tightly. The white pigeon that opened her eyes even managed to drink some water. I’ll never forget your kindness, Thumbelina. One day I will help you too. At night, Thumbelina talked to Mrs. Mouse Dear Mrs. Mouse, there are a few things I need to tell you. First of all, I don’t want to marry Mr. Mole. He belongs to the underworld and me, on earth, to the sun…. Also, thank you so much for everything you have done for me. You saved my life, but I miss my mother and my home very much. I will ask the pigeon to take me home as soon as she heals. Okay Thumbelina, as you wish. As long as you’re happy. Anyone in my place would have done the same. It’s been a pleasure to meet you. Same here Mrs. Mouse. I will miss you very much. A few days later, the pigeon was healed. I’m better now Thumbelina and I need to go. Do you need anything? Yes, I would like to ask you to take me home? Can you do this for me? With pleasure! Thumbelina bid farewell to Mrs. Mouse and climbed on the pigeon’s back. They flew up in the sky. In order to not fall from the wind, Thumbelina held on tightly to the pigeon. They finally arrived at Thumbelina’s house. Mrs. Pigeon dropped her off among the flowers in the garden and she thanked her again as she soared towards the sky. Thumbelina who was finally home after months of being away, ran to her mother and gave her a big hug. Her mother was overjoyed! God, what a beautiful day! I’m so happy! We’re finally reunited! Welcome my beautiful girl. I’ve missed you very much. I’ve missed you too, Mother! I’ll tell you everything I’ve been through. Let’s never be apart again, okay? After all that had happened, Thumbelina never went far from the home, and she played with the flowers in the sunny garden. One day, she noticed a very special, sparkling, beautiful flower like the sun. Wow..what a different flower! I don’t think I’ve ever seen it around here. Thumbelina jumped from flower to flower and approached that flower, and right at that moment, the petals of the sparkling flower opened up. Thumbelina who saw a handsome tiny man just like herself was shocked. Ohhh! Who are you? I’m this garden’s fairy. And you, beautiful girl, who are you? My name is Thumbelina. My mother chose this name because I’m so tiny. This is our garden, but I’ve never seen you here before. Both the flower fairy and Thumbelina had never come across anyone their own size. With this astonishment, they liked each other at the first glance. As time passed, they would wonder around the garden, play games and spend time together. And one day… Thumbelina, I’d like to ask you something. Will you marry me? Thumbelina was very happy upon hearing his proposal. Because, finally someone who she loved to spend time with, whom she could always live with among the flowers, and if she married could live close to her mother, had proposed to her. Of course, my Prince!!!!! As a wedding gift, the Flower Fairy sprinkled Thumbelina with fairy dust and all of a sudden Thumbelina had wings. The Flower fairy and Thumbelina lived happily ever after in her mothers garden…. text There once lived a woodman and his wife who
had no children. How I wish we had children to enjoy our evenings
with. Yes, I really wish we had a child who would
bring us joy, even if it was a tiny thing as big as my thumb. And lo, the wife’s wish was fulfilled! She got a little boy who was only as high
as her thumb! How tiny he is! But he is our child and we shall love him
dearly. And we shall name him Thomas. Though the woodman and his wife fed Tom plenty
of healthy food, he did not grow higher than his father’s thumb, and everyone called
him Tom Thumb. But he was one smart little fellow who was
always happy and loved his parents . I have to go to the woods to chop wood, and
I am late. If I wait to get the cart ready, I will be
even more late. But then how will I get the wood back without
the cart? Don’t you worry dad, I will bring the cart. Ha ha ha! And how will you do that son? You can’t even reach the bridle of the horse! Oh, that is not a worry! Mama will harness the horse, and I will get
into its ear and tell it where to go. I don’t think… Oh, come on dad, at least give me a chance
to prove myself. I know I can do it. Well, if you are sure.. Sure I’m sure. The cart will reach you when you want it,
trust me. And so Tom set out to take the cart to his
father. He sat right near the horse’s ear and guided
it to the woods. On the way, two men passed near the cart. I say, I hear a voice from somewhere near
that cart, but I can’t see anyone! Am I imagining things? No, no, you’re right, even I can hear a
voice but can’t see anyone. Let’s follow that cart. And so the two men kept following the cart
till it reached the woodman. Hey dad, I’’m here. See, I told you I could do it. Now take me down. The two men could not believe their eyes when
they saw the woodman gently pick up a tiny boy from the horse’s ear! Holy cow! Is that guy for real? If we can get hold of him, we will make a
fortune by just showing him around! Let’s go and ask that woodman how much he
will sell him for. Hey, old man, how much would you take for
this little chap? How dare you! This is my son, and I wouldn’t part with
him for anything! Get lost from here! Now Tom was a very smart fellow, and quietly
whispered into his father’s ear. Dad, just take a good amount from them. Don’t worry, I will come back to you in
no time. Er, okay. If you really want him, I will give him to
you, but you must pay me a good sum. After deciding the price, the two men paid
the woodman and took Tom away with them. Where do you want to sit, little fellow? Oh, just put me on the brim of your hat, I’ll
have a fine view from there. So Tom perched himself on the hat and off
they went. After some time, they decided to rest awhile
at a field, and this was the opportunity Tom was waiting for. As soon as he was put on the ground, he ran
fast on his tiny legs along the ploughed field till he saw a hole, and quickly scampered
down. Hey! Hey you, get back up here if you know what’s
good for you. He he he! First see if you can catch me! The two men tried poking and prodding with
a stick to get Tom out, but all in vain. Finally, they went away in a huff. Tom looked around, and seeing a snail shell
close by, crept into it and fell fast asleep. (zzz zzz)
When he woke up after a while, he heard the voices of two robbers who were making plans
to rob the house of the parson. Hey, I could help you do that! Who is there? Look down here mister. Oh ho, it is a little fellow of 2 inches! Or is it 3 inches? Forget how many inches I am and listen to
me. I can easily sneak into the parson’s house
and throw out whatever you want. The two robbers whispered between themselves. Okay, if we agree, what would you want? I will tell you that later. Let’s go now. On reaching the parson’s house, Tom went
in through the window bars, and started yelling. Shall I throw out the money now? What else do you want me to throw out? You silly fellow, stop shouting, stop shouting. But it was too late! The parson’s cook woke up and rushed to
see what was happening, and on seeing her, the robbers ran away. Ha ha ha ha! Taught those robbers a lesson they will never
forget. (yawn). I’m really tired now. Ah, that hay looks to be comforatble enough
to sleep on. Tom was soon fast asleep. Alas! The next morning, the cook came out early
and threw the hay for the cow to eat. When Tom woke up, it was very,very dark. Why is it so dark? It surely can’t be night still. And where am I? I remember I fell asleep on the hay. Just then Tom heard the cook. Here Daisy dear, have some more hay and then
give me some lovely creamy milk. Oh my God! The cow has eaten the hay I was lying on! Hey! Hey! Don’t give any more hay, there is no more
place for me here! It is getting all stuffy and I am getting
squeezed tight! Oh my good Lord! The cow is talking! Master, master, come fast, the cow is bewitched! Have you gone mad woman? Stop talking nonsense. The cow talking! Indeed! But then the parson also heard Tom’s voice. Stop the hay, I am getting suffocated in here! Quick, get the axe and kill the cow! The cow was killed and its stomach split open
and thrown away. Phew! Finally I’m out! Feeling bad the poor cow had to get killed. Ah well! Nice to see the sun shining brightly. But Tom’s adventure was not yet over. As he was walking along, a wicked wolf saw
him and quickly pounced on him and gulped him down. (slurp). That was a tasty morsel, but I am still hungry. So now I am in the stomach of a wolf! Tasty morsel, eh? I will show him. Yoo hoo, Mr. Wolf, you want some really, really
good food? Mr. Wolf, you want some really, really
good food? Eh? Who is this? It is the tasty morsel Mr. Wolf. If you want more, I can lead you to a place
where you can eat a whole lot of goodies. You know, apple tarts, cold chicken, yummy
slices of ham… Where, where, tell me where! Tom, the smart lad that he was, gave directions
to the wolf that led to his own house! When they reached there, he told the wolf
how to make its way to the kitchen through the drain outside the house. The wolf squeezed and squeezed and squeezed
itself till it finally reached the kitchen. Ooooh! That was a real tight squeeze, thought I would
get stuck in there for ever! When the wolf looked around, he saw all the
tasty food that Tom had told him about.. Ah! Look at these goodies! Worth the trouble getting here. The wolf sat down and quickly started gobbling
down all the food. Belch! That was a wonderful meal. But I seem to have eaten too much, I am not
able to move now. Now you’ve had it, Mr. Bad, Bad Wolf! Suddenly, Tom started kicking and shouting
in the wolf’s stomach. Ouch, ouch! Hey you, stop it, will you? But Tom continued with the kicking and shouting. He made so much noise that his father and
mother came running to the kitchen to see what the matter was
Good Heavens! How did this wolf get into the kitchen? The woodman dashes to the shed to get an axe
to kill the wolf, when suddenly he hears a voice. Dad, dad! Be careful when you kill this fellow. I am in his stomach! What!! Don’t you worry Tom, I’ll get you out. This glutton has eaten so much he won’t
be able to run. So saying, the woodman hit the wolf hard on
the head. When the wolf fell over, he quickly cut open
his stomach and took out Tom. My child! Where did you go? I missed you so much. Never again will I let you out of my sight. Hello mom, hello dad, nice to see you both
again. Right now I just want to have a bath, change
out of these filthy clothes, and then have a good meal. But where have you been, my child? That is a very, very long story, and right
now I just want to eat and then have a nice long sleep. The story will have to wait for another time. text Tom Thumb There once lived a woodman and his wife who
had no children. How I wish we had children to enjoy our evenings
with. Yes, I really wish we had a child who would
bring us joy, even if it was a tiny thing as big as my thumb. And lo, the wife’s wish was fulfilled! She got a little boy who was only as high
as her thumb! How tiny he is! But he is our child and we shall love him
dearly. And we shall name him Thomas. Though the woodman and his wife fed Tom plenty
of healthy food, he did not grow higher than his father’s thumb, and everyone called
him Tom Thumb. But he was one smart little fellow who was
always happy and loved his parents . I have to go to the woods to chop wood, and
I am late. If I wait to get the cart ready, I will be
even more late. But then how will I get the wood back without
the cart? Don’t you worry dad, I will bring the cart. Ha ha ha! And how will you do that son? You can’t even reach the bridle of the horse! Oh, that is not a worry! Mama will harness the horse, and I will get
into its ear and tell it where to go. I don’t think… Oh, come on dad, at least give me a chance
to prove myself. I know I can do it. Well, if you are sure.. Sure I’m sure. The cart will reach you when you want it,
trust me. And so Tom set out to take the cart to his
father. He sat right near the horse’s ear and guided
it to the woods. On the way, two men passed near the cart. I say, I hear a voice from somewhere near
that cart, but I can’t see anyone! Am I imagining things? No, no, you’re right, even I can hear a
voice but can’t see anyone. Let’s follow that cart. And so the two men kept following the cart
till it reached the woodman. Hey dad, I’’m here. See, I told you I could do it. Now take me down. The two men could not believe their eyes when
they saw the woodman gently pick up a tiny boy from the horse’s ear! Holy cow! Is that guy for real? If we can get hold of him, we will make a
fortune by just showing him around! Let’s go and ask that woodman how much he
will sell him for. Hey, old man, how much would you take for
this little chap? How dare you! This is my son, and I wouldn’t part with
him for anything! Get lost from here! Now Tom was a very smart fellow, and quietly
whispered into his father’s ear. Dad, just take a good amount from them. Don’t worry, I will come back to you in
no time. Er, okay. If you really want him, I will give him to
you, but you must pay me a good sum. After deciding the price, the two men paid
the woodman and took Tom away with them. Where do you want to sit, little fellow? Oh, just put me on the brim of your hat, I’ll
have a fine view from there. So Tom perched himself on the hat and off
they went. After some time, they decided to rest awhile
at a field, and this was the opportunity Tom was waiting for. As soon as he was put on the ground, he ran
fast on his tiny legs along the ploughed field till he saw a hole, and quickly scampered
down. Hey! Hey you, get back up here if you know what’s
good for you. He he he! First see if you can catch me! The two men tried poking and prodding with
a stick to get Tom out, but all in vain. Finally, they went away in a huff. Tom looked around, and seeing a snail shell
close by, crept into it and fell fast asleep. When he woke up after a while, he heard the voices of two robbers who were making plans
to rob the house of the parson. Hey, I could help you Who is there? Look down here mister. Oh ho, it is a little fellow of 2 inches! Or is it 3 inches? Forget how many inches I am and listen to
me. I can easily sneak into the parson’s house
and throw out whatever you want. The two robbers whispered between themselves. Okay, if we agree, what would you want? I will tell you that later. Let’s go now. On reaching the parson’s house, Tom went
in through the window bars, and started yelling. Shall I throw out the money now? What else do you want me to throw out? You silly fellow, stop shouting, stop shouting. But it was too late! The parson’s cook woke up and rushed to
see what was happening, and on seeing her, the robbers ran away. Ha ha ha ha! Taught those robbers a lesson they will never
forget. (yawn). I’m really tired now. Ah, that hay looks to be comforatble enough
to sleep on. Tom was soon fast asleep. Alas! The next morning, the cook came out early
and threw the hay for the cow to eat. When Tom woke up, it was very,very dark. Why is it so dark? It surely can’t be night still. And where am I? I remember I fell asleep on the hay. Just then Tom heard the cook. Here Daisy dear, have some more hay and then
give me some lovely creamy milk. Oh my God! The cow has eaten the hay I was lying on! Hey! Hey! Don’t give any more hay, there is no more
place for me here! It is getting all stuffy and I am getting
squeezed tight! Oh my good Lord! The cow is talking! Master, master, come fast, the cow is bewitched! Have you gone mad woman? Stop talking nonsense. The cow talking! Indeed! But then the parson also heard Tom’s voice. Stop the hay, I am getting suffocated in here! Quick, get the axe and kill the cow! The cow was killed and its stomach split open
and thrown away. Phew! Finally I’m out! Feeling bad the poor cow had to get killed. Ah well! Nice to see the sun shining brightly. But Tom’s adventure was not yet over. As he was walking along, a wicked wolf saw
him and quickly pounced on him and gulped him down. (slurp). That was a tasty morsel, but I am still hungry. So now I am in the stomach of a wolf! Tasty morsel, eh? I will show him. Yoo hoo, Mr. Wolf, you want some really, really
good food? Mr. Wolf, you want some really, really
good food? Eh? Who is this? It is the tasty morsel Mr. Wolf. If you want more, I can lead you to a place
where you can eat a whole lot of goodies. You know, apple tarts, cold chicken, yummy
slices of ham… Where, where, tell me where! Tom, the smart lad that he was, gave directions
to the wolf that led to his own house! When they reached there, he told the wolf
how to make its way to the kitchen through the drain outside the house. The wolf squeezed and squeezed and squeezed
itself till it finally reached the kitchen. Ooooh! That was a real tight squeeze, thought I would
get stuck in there for ever! When the wolf looked around, he saw all the
tasty food that Tom had told him about.. Ah! Look at these goodies! Worth the trouble getting here. The wolf sat down and quickly started gobbling
down all the food. Belch! That was a wonderful meal. But I seem to have eaten too much, I am not
able to move now. Now you’ve had it, Mr. Bad, Bad Wolf! Suddenly, Tom started kicking and shouting
in the wolf’s stomach. Ouch, ouch! Hey you, stop it, will you? But Tom continued with the kicking and shouting. He made so much noise that his father and
mother came running to the kitchen to see what the matter was
Good Heavens! How did this wolf get into the kitchen? The woodman dashes to the shed to get an axe
to kill the wolf, when suddenly he hears a voice. Dad, dad! Be careful when you kill this fellow. I am in his stomach! What!! Don’t you worry Tom, I’ll get you out. This glutton has eaten so much he won’t
be able to run. So saying, the woodman hit the wolf hard on
the head. When the wolf fell over, he quickly cut open
his stomach and took out Tom. My child! Where did you go? I missed you so much. Never again will I let you out of my sight. Hello mom, hello dad, nice to see you both
again. Right now I just want to have a bath, change
out of these filthy clothes, and then have a good meal. But where have you been, my child? That is a very, very long story, and right
now I just want to eat and then have a nice long sleep. The story will have to wait for another time. text Chika was a sweet boy. But he always wanted to throw his things away whenever they got a little old or damaged. And he would ask his mother to buy him new ones instead. Mom, I don’t want this jacket. The button came off. Please buy me a new one. I also want a new toy car. This one has a scratch. Chika’s mother felt worried when Chika behaved this way. Chika, you can’t throw away your things just because they are slightly damaged. You must learn to love them and care for them. After all, they’ve been yours for so long and have given you a lot of joy. We can always sew another button on the jacket. And paint the car. But Chika didn’t listen. No! I don't want them. I want new ones. He put his old things aside and didn’t care for them anymore. One day, Chika saw his mother wearing a red dress. It looked very old. Chika saw that the dress even had a patch on it. Why is mom wearing that dress? It looks so old. Chika decided to ask his mother about the dress. Mom, why are you wearing that dress? It looks so old. You should throw it away and get a new one. Chika’s mother smiled. No, Chika. I love this dress. It’s my favorite one. It’s very special to me. Your daddy bought it for me soon after you were born. Really? Yes, Chika. And do you know when I wore it for the first time? When Mom? It was on your first birthday! Really? Yes, Chika. Red was your favorite color when you were a baby. And you felt very happy whenever you saw me in this dress. And you would ask me to carry you each time I wore this dress. Chika’s mother told him more about the dress. Chika, do you know that when you first learned to speak, you would point out to this dress and say ‘red’. Red! I remember that now! Chika’s mother showed him pictures of his first birthday party. And he saw how pretty she looked in the red dress. Look at you, mom! You looked so pretty in the dress. And look at you, Chika. You were so chubby and cute. Just like a teddy bear. And look at how you’re holding my red dress here. Yes! Chika began to understand why his mother had kept the dress for so long. Every time I wear this dress, Chika, I remember all the good times we’ve had together. And it makes me love the dress all the more. I love you, mom! And I love this dress too! Please wear it again. Don’t ever throw it away. I won’t, Chika! That day, Chika learned to love all his clothes and toys no matter how old they were. And if they got a little damaged, Chika mended them and used them again. My car is as good as new! And I love this jacket. It has always kept me so warm. text Welcome to Wolfoo Family Channel
Enjoy watching this new episode &lt;3 If you like Wolfoo Family Please like, share, subscribe and click the notification bell for not missing any episode! Thank you for watching! text Welcome to Wolfoo Family! Enjoy watching this new episode &lt;3 Please Like, Share and Subscribe for not missing any story of Wolfoo text   Kahi Saal Phele Ek Khilaune Banaane Wala Tha Jiska Naam Tha Geppetto Geppetto Ko Kaam Karke Bohot Khushi Hoti Thi Aur Voh Jabhi Aaram Karta Tha Toh Voh Dukhi Ho Jata Tha Puri Zindagi Maine Bacho Ke Liye Kaam Kiya Lekin Mera Khud Ka Bacha Nahi Ek Din Geppetto Ne Ek Lakadi Ke Tukade Se Ek Kathaputalee Aur Uske Liye Pyaare Kapde Bhi Banaye Aur Jab Voh Usee Alamaaree Toh Usne Kaha Aaj Se Tumahara Naam Pinocchio Hai Uss Raat Uss Lakadi Ke Kathaputalee Ko Usne Bistar Par Rakha Aur Khidaki Ke Bahaar Ek Tootata Taara Bohot Teez Chamka Geppetto Ne Khidaki Ke Bahaar Dekha Aur Na Puri Hone Wale Kaamana Ki Oh Tootate Hue Taare Kaash Meri Yeh Manokaamana Puri Ho Jaye Ki Mera Khud Ka Ek Beta Ho Usee Raat Ko Vohi Tootata Hua Taara Geppetto Ke Kamare Mein Aaya Andher Aate He Vo Taara Neele Pari Mein Badal Gaya Voh Pari Udatee Hue Geppetto Ke Paas Gayi Aur Sotee Hue Geppetto Se Kaha Pyaare Geppetto Tumhne Ghadiya Aur Khilone Banna Kar Sab Ko Khushiyan He Di Hai Isliye Tumhari Manokaamana Mein Zarur Puri Karogi Phir Usne Pinocchio Ke Taraf Dekha Aur Kaha Lakadi Ke Kathaputalee Tum Asal Ke Ladake Ki Tarah Chal Phir Sakhoge Aur Baat Kar Sakhoge Phir Usne Jaadu Ki Chhadee Uske Sar Par Phirayee Aur Agar Tum Bahadur Banne Aur Sachayee Ka Saath Diya Toh Ek Din Tum Sach Ke Insaan Bann Jaaoge Pinocchio Ki Aankhee Khul Gayi Aur Tabhi Vaha Par Ek Cricket Aaya Insee Milo Yeh Hai Gemini Cricket Yeh Tumhe Gyaan Dege Aur Tumare Saath Rahenge Tumhe Sahi Phaisale Lene Mein Madad Karenge Aur Uske Baad Voh Pari Vaha Se Gayab Ho Gayi Aur Jab Agale Din Geppetto Jaaga Toh Usne Kaha Mein Zara Alamaaree Se Pinocchio Ko Nikalta Hu Aur Usee Ache Se Taraashata Hu Lekin Alamaare Toh Khali Thi Geppetto Ko Chinta Hone Lagi Usnee Pura Ghar Dhund Liya Aur Achanak Dusre Kamare Se Aawaaz Aayi Mein Yaha Hu Papa Kya Tum Bol Sakhte Ho Haa Mein Pinocchio Hu Apka Beta Aisa Kaise Ho Sakhta Hai Voh Bhaag Ke Pinocchio Ke Paas Gaya Aur Usee Galee Se Laga Liya Pinocchio Mere Bachee Geppetto Bohot Khush Tha Ek Din Pinocchio Ko Kuch Bacho Ko School Jaate Dekha Toh Usne Geppetto Se Kaha Mujhe Bhi Baaki Bacho Ki Tarah School Jaana Hai Aur Usee Shaam Ko Geppetto School Ki Kitaabe Le Kar Vaapas Aaya Ab Tum Bhi School Jaa Sakhte Ho Agalee Subha Pinocchio Khushi Khushi School Ke Liye Nikal Padha Hasta Khelata Gunagunaata Raaste Mein Jaa Raha Tha Aur Voh Gemini Cricket Uske Khandhe Par Baitha Tha Voh Bhi Bohot Khush Tha Aur Raaste Mein Unhe Lalchi Lomdi Milee Dusht Billee Milee Kitne Pyaare Bache Ho Tum Waise Bache Kaha Jaa Rahe Ho Mein School Jaa Raha Hu Tumhe Toh Humare Saath Mele Mein Aana Chaiye Aur Phir Usne Pinocchio Ke Khandhe Par Haath Rakha Meri Baat Sunno Tumahe Jo Kuch Bhi Sikhana Hai Tum Mele Mein Seekh Sakhte Ho Sach Mein Haa Bilkul Mere Bache Ab Kya Tumhe Mein Likh Ke Du Haa Likh Ke Le Lo Chup Karo Billee Jaane Do Pinocchio Tum Iski Baate Mat Sunno Chalo Hum Mile Mein Chalate Hai Aur Tum Dekh Lena Pinocchio Isee Khud Nahi Pata Yeh Kya Baat Kar Rahe Hai Uss Lomdi Ne Apni Ugalee Se Gemini Cricket Ko Usee Maar Bhagaya Pinocchio Tum Uski Baate Mat Sunno Thik Hai Chalo Mele Mein Chalate Hai Aur Voh Mele Mein Chal Padhe Nahin Pinocchio Aisaa Mat Karo Lekin Pinocchio Lomdi Aur Billee Ne Uski Baat Nahi Sunnee Aur Voh Andher Chale Gaye Andher Kathaputaleeo Ka Natak Dikhaya Jaa Raha Tha Voh Natak Dekh Kar Voh Log Bohot Khush Hue Mein Bhi Ek Kathaputalee Hu Mein Bhi Aise Naach Sakhta Hu Tabhi Pinocchio Kathaputaleeo Ke Bheech Mein Chala Gaya Aur Vaha Naachna Shuru Kar Diya Usee Dekh Kar Darshako Ne Khoob Taaliya Bajayee Us Kathaputalee Ko Dekho Us Mein Koi Dhaaga Nahi Hai Dhaaga Nahi hai Kamaal Hai Sab Khushi Mein Bohot Hass Rahe The Aur Unhone Stage Par Sikke Bhi Pheke Uss Show Ka Jo Maalik Tha Usska Naam Tha Stromboli Voh Bohot Lalchi Tha Aur Bohot Badmaash Bhi Tha Jab Usne Dekha Ki Log Paise Phek Rahe Hai Toh Usne Kaha Kya Baat Hai Voh Sochne Laga Yeh Bina Dhaage Ki Kathaputalee Mujhe Ameer Banna Degi Aur Uske Baad Pinocchio Ko Usne Utha Kar Pinjaree Mein Band Kar Diye Hey Mujhe Bahaar Nikalo Varna Papa Ko Bhula Luga Vohi Tumhe Sabak Seekhayege Kya Tum Mujhe Bewakoof Samajte Ho Bache Jeetna Chilana Hai Utahana Chilao Koi Nahi Bachayega Tumhe Mein Isee Din Ka Intezaar Kar Raha Tha Sirf Tum He Mujhe Iss Duniya Ka Sabse Ameer Aadhmi Banna Sakhte Ho Jab Stromboli Gaya Toh Ussne Bohot Teez Aawaaz Lagayi Lekin Gemini Cricket Ke Alaava Uski Pukaar kisee Ne Nahi Sunne Mein Yeha Phas Gaya Hu Yeh Mere Saath Kyu Ho Raha Hai Yeh Tumhare Galti Hai Kyun Ki Tumne Meri Baat Nahi Maanee Ab Tum Roh Mat Mein Tumhare Saath Hu Hum Koi Na Koi Raasta Nikal Lege Aur Achanak He Vaha Neele Pari aa Gayi Please Kya Tum Meri Madad Karogi Phele Yeh Bata Tum Pinjare Ke Andher Aaye Kaisee Usnee Phaisala Kiya Ki Voh Pari Se Joot Bolega Ki Kya Hua Tha Aur Phir Kaha Mujhe Kisee Ne Loot Liya Tha Kya Tum Sach keha Rahe Ho Usne Gusse Mein Kaha Aur Pinocchio Ki Naak Lambi Ho Gayi Haa Sach Mein Do Gundo Ne Lootaa Nahi Chaar Ne Naak Aur Lambi Ho Gayi Un Logo Ne Meri Kitaabe Chura Li Aur Mujhe Yaha Leke Aa Gaye Aur Pinjaree Mein Daal Diya Uski Naak Lambi Hoti Gayi Itni Lambi Ki Voh Apni Aankho Ke Samane Kuch Dekh Nahi Paa Raha Tha Aur Usnee Dekha Ki Chidaaye Ka Goshalaa Bhi Tha Us par Meri Naak Itnee Lambi Kyun Ho Gayi Hai Pinocchio Phir Se Soch Lo Kya Yeh He Sach Hai Haa Shaayad Mein Mele Mein Jaana Chhata tha Iss Liye Billee Aur Lomdi Ke Saath Yaha Chala Aaya Naak Thodi Choti Hogayi Goshala Girr Gaya Phir Kisee Ne Pinjare Mein Band Kar Diya Aur Naak Phele Jaisee Ho Gayi Bohot Ache Ab Mein Tumhe Yaha Se Bahaar Nikalungi Usnee Jaadu Ki Chhadee Ghumaee Aur Pinocchio Pinjaree Se Bahaar Aa gaya Yeh Lo Tumhaare Kitaabee Aur Dhyaan Rahe Ab Tum Akele Ho Toh Sahi Kaam He Karna Aur Sachaye Ka Saath Dena Pinocchio Se Aisa Kahe Kar Neele Pari Vaha Se Chali Gayi Aur Pinocchio School Ke Raaste Mein Vaapas Chala Gaya Ek Aadmi Khoobsurat Safed Ghode Par Chala Aa Raha Tha Uss Ke Paas Bade Bade Bhasate The Jis Par Likha Tha Pleasure Island Sunno Bache Buggy Mein Baithna Chahogee Nahin Shukhariya Mein School Jaa Raha Hu Isee Tum Jaldi Pahunch Jaaenge Theek Hai Waise Bhi Mujhe School Jaldi Pahunchna Hai Jab Pinocchio Andher Baith Gaya Toh Ghudsavaar Ne Kaha Achha Bache Yeh Batao Tum Jaise Bache School Kyun Jaate Hai Cheeze Seekhne Ke Liye Aur Samajdaar Banne Ke Liye Taki Hum Jo Chhate Hai Kar Sakhe Oh Acha Agar Mein Tumse Kahu Ke Tum Abhi Voh Kar Sakhte Ho Jo Tum Karna Chhate Ho Abhi Haan Zara Socho Chhodo Kitaabee Chhodo School Agar Tum Jeetni Bhi Toffee Khana Chhate Ho Kha Sakhte Ho Dher Saare Toffee Haa Ice cream Har Tarah Ki Ice cream Aur Candy Aur Bhi Bohot Kuch Pleasure Island Mein Pleasure Island Tum Jaise Bacho Ke Liye Duniya Ki Sabse Behatareen Jaaga Iski Baate Mat Sunno Pinocchio Intezaar Kis Baat Ka Main Jaanta Hu Preasure Island Kaha Hai Aakhiree Maukaa Hai Bolo Bache Chaloge Ki Nahi Haa Chalo Hum Pleasure island Jaayenge Phir Se Nahin Thodi Der Baad Ghudsavaar Rukk Gaya Jaise He Pinocchio Ne Chaaro Tarah Dekha Voh Bohot Excited Ho Gaya Ghudsavaar Ne Jo Kuch Kaha Tha Sab Sach Tha Har Jagha Toffeo Ka Dher Har Jagha Icecream He Icecream Jisee Khane Mein Bada Mazaa Aata Hai Bache Vaha Saara Din Khel Sakhte the Unn Mein Se Kisee Ko Bhi Kaam Ya Safaayee Nahi Karni Thi Lekin Kuch Dino Ke Baad Kuch Ajeeb Sa Laga Toh Usnee Cricket Se Pucha Saare Bache Yaha Se Kaha Gaye Ab Yaha Par Sirf Gadhe he Dikh Rahe Hai Phele Vaha Par Bohot Jyaada Bache Hua Karte The Aur Tabhi Uskee Ek Kaan Gadhe Jaisee Ho Gayi Aur Usee Vaqt Uskee Dusri Kaan Bhi Gadhe Jaise Ho Gayi Arey Yeh Kya Yeh Tumhe Kya Ho Raha Hai Mujhe Nahi Pata Dechoo Dechoo Arey Nahin Ab Mein Samjha Yaha Par Bache Gadhe Mein Badal Jaate Hai Aur Phir Unhee Bech Diya Jaata Hai Pinocchio Samay Rahete He Yaha Se Nikal Na Hoga Jaldi Karo Chalo Chalte Hai Dechoo Dechoo Haan Chalo Voh Log Bhaagte Hue Vaha Se Nikale Aur Sagar Tat Par Pahunch Gaye Pinocchio Ne Vaha Par Ek Aadmi Ko Aawaaz Lagayee Mein Ek Buddhe Aadmi Ko Dhund Raha Hu Jiska Naam Geppetto Hai Kya Aap Usko Jantee Hai Dechoo Dechoo Arey Haa Vohee Jiskaa Beta Subha Nikal Gaya Tha Aur Jo Vaapas Aaya He Nahi Voh Aadmi Usko Dhundane Ko Nikala Aur Uskee Baad Kisee Ne Nahi Dekha Arey Nahin Yeh Sab Meri Galati Hai Dechoo Dechoo Mujhe Unhee Dhundana He Hoga Mein Aapko Dhund Nikaaluga Papa Pinocchio Ne Vaha Se Samudr Mein Chhalang Laga Di Toh Uskee Saath Gemini Cricket Bhi Khud Gaya Pinocchio Ka Shareer Lakadi Se Banna Tha Isliyee Voh Paani Me Tair Paa Raha Tha Tabhi Usnee Dekha Ki Uske Samane Kuch Teezi Se Chala Aa Raha Tha Kuch Bohot Bada Bohot He Teez Aur Tabhi Ek Bohot Badi Si Whale Uskee Samane Aagayee Usne Apna Bada Sa Munh khola Aur Gaph Se Pinocchio Ko Khaa Liya Voh Dono Whale Ke Pet Ke Andher Chale Gaye Kya Tum Theek Ho Pinocchio Ne Cricket Se Pucha Mein Theek Hu Yeh Kya Papa Papa Aap He Hai Na Papa Papa Main Hu Pinocchio Pinocchio Mere Bache Mujhe Laga Mein Sapnaa Dekh Raha hu Un Dono Ne Ek Dusree Ko Galee Lagaya Pinocchio Ko Bhura Lag Raha Tha ki Usnee Aapne Papa Ko Akela Chhoda Aur Geppetto Khush Tha Ki Usko Pinocchio Vaapas Mil Gaya Mujhe Maaf Kar Deejeye Papa Mujhe Meri Galati Ka Ahasaas Ho Gaya Hai Ab Mein Aapko Kabhi Akela Nahi Chhodoonga Ab Humee yaha Se Nikalna Chahiye Ek Kaam Karte Hai Aag Jalate Hai Toh Bahaar Jaane Ka Raasta Milega Unhone Lakade Ke Tukade Jama Kiye Jo Whale Ne Galati Se Kha Liye Honge Phir Uss Mein Aag Lagayee Ab Isee Whale Ko Chheenk Aaegee Pinocchio Ne Haath Se Aag Ko Hawaa Di Taaki Khoob Dhuaa Uth Sakhe Aur Dheere Dheere Vaha Dher Saara Dhuaa Bhar Gaya Whale Ko Khaansee Aane Lagi Aur Tabhi Aur Ek He Chheenk Mein Pinocchio Geppetto Aur Gemini Cricket Whale Ke Pet Se Bahaar Nikal gaye Samudr Ki Leharo Mein Bohot Der Tak Bhatakate Rahe Phir Kahi Jaa Kar Kinaree Tak Pahunche Aur Tabhi Achanak Vaha Par Neele Pari Aa Pahunchee Pinocchio Tumne Apne Papa Ko Bachaya Tumhne Apne Dil Ki Baat Sun Kar Bohot Sahi Kaam Kiya Aur Saabit Kiya Ki Tum Bahadur Bhi Ho Aur Sache Bhi Aur Ab Tum Asal ke Ladake Ban Jaoge Neele Pari Ne Apne Jaadui Chhadee Ghumayee Aur Pinocchio Asal Ka Ladka Ban Gaya Voh Apne Mulaayam Shareer Ko Mehasoos Kar Paa Raha Tha Phir Pari Ne Cricket Ki Taraf Dekha Aur Kaha Tumhara Kaam Ab Khatm Hua Ek he Jhakate Mein Dono Vaha Se Gayab Ho gaye Aur Pinocchio Aur Geppetto Hamesha Saath Mein Khush Rahene Lage         text Once upon a time, there lived a very wealthy man. He had a sweet and kind-hearted daughter. Since the man's wife had died, he married again, hoping his new wife would be a good mother to his daughter. But the man's new wife turned out to be a mean and selfish woman. And she had two daughters who were just like her. They were all so rude and mean that the man grew very unhappy and went to work far away. And so the man left leaving his daughter with her stepmother and stepsisters. The poor girl was loving and kind to her stepmother and stepsisters. But they would very mean to her and turned her into a servant. They even changed her name to Cinderella since her face grew dusty from the cinders that she would clean in the fireplace. Haha! Your face is always full of cinders! We will call you Cinderella! Cinderella! Hahahaha! One day, a royal messenger came to the house. The king and queen have invited all the young ladies who live here to a ball tomorrow evening. Their son, the prince,  will dance with all the young ladies and choose a bride. The invitation made everyone very happy. I can't wait to dance with the prince! I hope he chooses me as his bride! I will make sure that my daughters are the best dressed amongst all the young ladies at the ball. On the day of the ball, Cinderella's stepmother bought the best clothes and shoes for her two daughters. But she didn't get anything for Cinderella. Mother, I'd like something new to wear to the ball too. I don't have anything other than these clothes. Cinderella, these clothes are just right for you because you're a servant girl. And as you know servant girls shouldn't dance with princes or come to balls. Hahahahaha! Poor Cinderella! She sat at home and cried while everyone else went to the ball. Suddenly, a kind and beautiful fairy appeared. Hello, Cinderella! Hello! Who are you? I'm your fairy godmother. Would you like to go to the ball? Huh? I'd like to but I can't. I don't have nice clothes to wear, or a carriage to travel in, you see. You will have everything you need to go to the ball as soon as I wave my wand! And Cinderella's old clothes turned into a shimmering evening gown. Her slippers turned into delicate glass slippers. Huh? Wow! The fairy godmother then took Cinderella to the garden. She waved her wand again and turned a pumpkin into a shining golden carriage. The fairy godmother also turned the mice playing in the garden into horses, a rat into a coachman, and a lizard into a smart footman. I can go to the ball now. Thank you, fairy godmother. Enjoy yourself, Cinderella! But be sure to return by midnight. As my magic will disappear after that. And the beautiful dress that you are wearing, the coachman, the footman, and the horses will all turn back into what they were before. I will be back by midnight, fairy godmother. Goodbye. So Cinderella left for the ball Cinderella looked so beautiful that everyone turned to look at her the moment she entered the palace. And the prince was so charmed by her that he only wanted to dance with her. May I please dance with you? Huh? Yes! No one recognised Cinderella and she felt very happy dancing with the prince. The prince felt that she was the kindest, most beautiful young woman he had ever met. Who is that girl? The prince only wants to dance with her. I have never seen her before. She must be a princess or someone very wealthy. Time flew by as Cinderella danced with the prince. And in no time, it grew close to midnight. I'm sorry, Prince. But it's time for me to leave now. Wait!  Please tell me your name and where you live? So we can meet again. Cinderella reached her house just as the clock struck midnight. And right after that, the magic disappeared. Only the glass slipper on Cinderella's foot remained unchanged. The very next day, the royal messenger came to the house with the prince. Oh, it's the prince! He must be wanting to marry me! No! Me! The messenger was carrying the glass slipper that had fallen off Cinderella's foot. We are looking for the owner of this slipper. The prince will marry whoever this slipper fits. This slipper is mine! It's too big for my foot! Uhhhh! Its too small for my foot! The prince noticed Cinderella standing in the corner. And though she looked very different from the way she had looked at the ball, he walked right up to her. Please, would you try this slipper on? You are the one who I danced with last night! You are my princess! Yes, she is! Huh? Cinderella and the prince had a grand wedding. They invited everyone to the celebrations and left no one out. Cinderella even invited her stepsisters and stepmother who decided to be as kind and loving as Cinderella. Cinderella and the Prince then lived happily ever after. text Once upon a time, there lived a very wealthy man. He had a sweet and kind-hearted daughter. Since the man's wife had died, he married again, hoping his new wife would be a good mother to his daughter. But the man's new wife turned out to be a mean and selfish woman. And she had two daughters who were just like her. They were all so rude and mean that the man grew very unhappy and went to work far away. And so the man left leaving his daughter with her stepmother and stepsisters. The poor girl was loving and kind to her stepmother and stepsisters. But they would very mean to her and turned her into a servant. They even changed her name to Cinderella since her face grew dusty from the cinders that she would clean in the fireplace. Haha! Your face is always full of cinders! We will call you Cinderella! Cinderella! Hahahaha! One day, a royal messenger came to the house. The king and queen have invited all the young ladies who live here to a ball tomorrow evening. Their son, the prince,  will dance with all the young ladies and choose a bride. The invitation made everyone very happy. I can't wait to dance with the prince! I hope he chooses me as his bride! I will make sure that my daughters are the best dressed amongst all the young ladies at the ball. On the day of the ball, Cinderella's stepmother bought the best clothes and shoes for her two daughters. But she didn't get anything for Cinderella. Mother, I'd like something new to wear to the ball too. I don't have anything other than these clothes. Cinderella, these clothes are just right for you because you're a servant girl. And as you know servant girls shouldn't dance with princes or come to balls. Hahahahaha! Poor Cinderella! She sat at home and cried while everyone else went to the ball. Suddenly, a kind and beautiful fairy appeared. Hello, Cinderella! Hello! Who are you? I'm your fairy godmother. Would you like to go to the ball? Huh? I'd like to but I can't. I don't have nice clothes to wear, or a carriage to travel in, you see. You will have everything you need to go to the ball as soon as I wave my wand! And Cinderella's old clothes turned into a shimmering evening gown. Her slippers turned into delicate glass slippers. Huh? Wow! The fairy godmother then took Cinderella to the garden. She waved her wand again and turned a pumpkin into a shining golden carriage. The fairy godmother also turned the mice playing in the garden into horses, a rat into a coachman, and a lizard into a smart footman. I can go to the ball now. Thank you, fairy godmother. Enjoy yourself, Cinderella! But be sure to return by midnight. As my magic will disappear after that. And the beautiful dress that you are wearing, the coachman, the footman, and the horses will all turn back into what they were before. I will be back by midnight, fairy godmother. Goodbye. So Cinderella left for the ball Cinderella looked so beautiful that everyone turned to look at her the moment she entered the palace. And the prince was so charmed by her that he only wanted to dance with her. May I please dance with you? Huh? Yes! No one recognised Cinderella and she felt very happy dancing with the prince. The prince felt that she was the kindest, most beautiful young woman he had ever met. Who is that girl? The prince only wants to dance with her. I have never seen her before. She must be a princess or someone very wealthy. Time flew by as Cinderella danced with the prince. And in no time, it grew close to midnight. I'm sorry, Prince. But it's time for me to leave now. Wait!  Please tell me your name and where you live? So we can meet again. Cinderella reached her house just as the clock struck midnight. And right after that, the magic disappeared. Only the glass slipper on Cinderella's foot remained unchanged. The very next day, the royal messenger came to the house with the prince. Oh, it's the prince! He must be wanting to marry me! No! Me! The messenger was carrying the glass slipper that had fallen off Cinderella's foot. We are looking for the owner of this slipper. The prince will marry whoever this slipper fits. This slipper is mine! Unnnh! It's too big for my foot! Uhhhh! Its too small for my foot! The prince noticed Cinderella standing in the corner. And though she looked very different from the way she had looked at the ball, he walked right up to her. Please, would you try this slipper on? You are the one who I danced with last night! You are my princess! Yes, she is! Huh? Cinderella and the prince had a grand wedding. They invited everyone to the celebrations and left no one out. Cinderella even invited her stepsisters and stepmother who decided to be as kind and loving as Cinderella. Cinderella and the Prince then lived happily ever after. text Intelligent Crow Once upon a time, there was a crow in a forest. That was a hot summer season. As it was a very hot day, the crow felt very thirsty. Due to the hot temperature, the throat of the crow became very dry. Searched a lot in many places to find water. But it did not find water anywhere. Already it was very tired of flying. It felt very weak and was searching to find water with hope. Unluckily, it did not find any traces of water. While searching for water, the crow found a pot. Immediately, the crow went to that pot with a great hope. As the crow was feeling thirsty, it looked into the pot immediately. But the water level is so low that he cannot reach it. All its expectations have gone waste. The crow felt sad that it was unable to drink water as the water level was too low. But it did not want to leave water like that. It started thinking of what to do using all its brain. Immediately, the crow got an idea. Then it has put the idea into action. The crow picked some pebbles found around and dropped them into the pot one by one. When it dropped pebbles in the pot, the water level raised up. The crow drank enough water and finally quenches its thirst. Then the crow felt happy and went away flying in the sky. The moral of this story is... Where there is a will there is a way. If anyone tries for the goal without accepting the defeat, they can achieve success. text Once upon a time, there lived a very wealthy man. He had a sweet and kind hearted daughter. Since the man's wife had died, he married again, hoping his new wife would be a good mother to his daughter. But the man's new wife turned out to be a mean and selfish woman. And she had two daughters who were just like her. They were all so rude and mean that the man grew very unhappy and went to work far away. And so the man left leaving his daughter with her stepmother and stepsisters. The poor girl was loving and kind to her stepmother and stepsisters. But they would very mean to her and turned her into a servant. They even changed her name to Cinderella since her face grew dusty from the cinders that she would clean in the fireplace. Haha! Your face is always full of cinders! We will call you Cinderella! Cinderella! Hahahaha! One day, a royal messenger came to the house. The king and queen have invited all the young ladies who live here to a ball tomorrow evening. Their son, the prince, will dance with all the young ladies and choose a bride. The invitation made everyone very happy. I can't wait to dance with the prince! I hope he chooses me as his bride! I will make sure that my daughters are the best dressed amongst all the young ladies at the ball. On the day of the ball, Cinderella's stepmother bought the best clothes and shoes for her two daughters. But she didn't get anything for Cinderella. Mother, I'd like something new to wear to the ball too. I don't have anything other than these clothes. Cinderella, these clothes are just right for you because you're a servant girl. And as you know servant girls shouldn't dance with princes or come to balls. Hahahahaha! Poor Cinderella! She sat at home and cried while everyone else went to the ball. Suddenly, a kind and beautiful fairy appeared. Hello, Cinderella! Hello! Who are you? I'm your fairy godmother. Would you like to go to the ball? Huh? I'd like to but I can't. I don't have nice clothes to wear, or a carriage to travel in, you see. You will have everything you need to go to the ball as soon as I wave my wand! And Cinderella's old clothes turned into a shimmering evening gown. Her slippers turned into delicate glass slippers. Huh? Wow! The fairy godmother then took Cinderella to the garden. She waved her wand again and turned a pumpkin into a shining golden carriage. The fairy godmother also turned the mice playing in the garden into horses, a rat into a coachman, and a lizard into a smart footman. I can go to the ball now. Thank you, fairy godmother. Enjoy yourself, Cinderella! But be sure to return by midnight. As my magic will disappear after that. And the beautiful dress that you are wearing, the coachman, the footman, and the horses will all turn back into what they were before. I will be back by midnight, fairy godmother. Goodbye. So Cinderella left for the ball Cinderella looked so beautiful that everyone turned to look at her the moment she entered the palace. And the prince was so charmed by her that he only wanted to dance with her. May I please dance with you? Huh? Yes! No one recognised Cinderella and she felt very happy dancing with the prince. The prince felt that she was the kindest, most beautiful young woman he had ever met. Who is that girl? The prince only wants to dance with her. I have never seen her before. She must be a princess or someone very wealthy. Time flew by as Cinderella danced with the prince. And in no time, it grew close to midnight. I'm sorry, Prince. But it's time for me to leave now. Wait! Please tell me your name and where you live? So we can meet again. Cinderella reached her house just as the clock struck midnight. And right after that, the magic disappeared. Only the glass slipper on Cinderella's foot remained unchanged. The very next day, the royal messenger came to the house with the prince. Oh, it's the prince! He must be wanting to marry me! No! Me! The messenger was carrying the glass slipper that had fallen off Cinderella's foot. We are looking for the owner of this slipper. The prince will marry whoever this slipper fits. This slipper is mine! Unnnh! It's too big for my foot! Uhhhh! Its too small for my foot! The prince noticed Cinderella standing in the corner. And though she looked very different from the way she had looked at the ball, he walked right up to her. Please, would you try this slipper on? You are the one who I danced with last night! You are my princess! Yes, she is! Huh? Cinderella and the prince had a grand wedding. They invited everyone to the celebrations and left no one out. Cinderella even invited her stepsisters and stepmother who decided to be as kind and loving as Cinderella. Cinderella and the Prince then lived happily ever after. text there was once a woman who was very lonely and decided to go visit her friend the fairy hello dear what brings you here dear fairy i'm so lonely i wish i had a little daughter even if she was a teeny-weeny one well you are a dear friend so I will help you take this grain of barley &amp; go home and plant in a flower pot but I want a little girl what will I do with a grain of barley trust me and do as I say you will receive a very pleasant surprise the woman went home and planted the grain of barley like the fairy told her to the next morning she was amazed to see that the grain had grown into a beautiful flower resembling Sheila with its soft petals still shut tight this is so beautiful i have never seen anything like it the woman held the flower tenderly and kissed it immediately the petals opened and there lay a beautiful tiny girl oh my god she's so pretty and dainty I shall call her Thumbelina and I must thank my friend the fairy for such a lovely gift the woman gently lifted the little girl from the flower now let me see how I can make her comfortable this walnut shell shall be her bed and I think these flower petals can be used as a mattress and blanket the woman placed Thumbelina on a tulip castle floating on a plate during the day how happy thumbelina was she drifted around on our little lake singing in the most sweet voice ever one night when Thumbelina was fast asleep in her tiny walnut shell a horrible-looking frog saw her who is this tiny thing she's so pretty I think she will make a fine bride for my dear toady and a very good daughter-in-law for me the Frog hopped inside and carried away the sleeping Thumbelina to the pond where up up where up oh where are you i am so hungry stop complaining all the time look what I have brought for you this beautiful creature will be the perfect bride for you croak croak croak yes yes i know you are very excited now we have to make a nice bridal room in the marsh so that you can marry her and stay there with her broke broke broke the croaking noise woke up Thumbelina she looked around feeling very scared on seeing the frog and toad she is awake she's awake my bride is awake bride of this ugly looking creature never his eyes look like they will pop out at any minute how dare you you will marry my son and be a good and obedient wife i will make sure you can never escape from here the Frog both on the later on the leaf of the wall turning in the middle of the thumbelina sobbed and cried out for you help help someone please help me some fish swimming nearby and seen and heard everything look at that part dear sobbing her heart out that horrible code will make an awful husband friends we must not allow the nasty frog and her ugly son to get away with their horrible plan come let us nibble at the root of this lily and set it free and say they nibbled nibbled nibbled till the leaf of the lily was free and floated away from Thumbelina sail passed many beautiful places and so many pretty summits one day a big cock Schaefer saw her and carried her away to a large tree he was very proud of her and invited all his friends to come and have a look at her she looks so weird she's actually ugly it's just not one of us so how can you even think of marrying her are you out of your mind when all his friends at the same thing the cock Schaefer thought they might be right so we put Thumbelina on the ground and flew away poor Thumbelina she walked and walked in the wood eating whatever she could find and drinking the juice of flowers summer turned to autumn and soon the bitter cold winter arrived it's getting so cold unless I find someone to take shelter i will surely freeze to death or as Thumbelina was walking in a field she suddenly came across a tiny door this must be the house of field mouse i i hope this kind mouse will give me something to eat and let me sleep for some time Thumbelina knocked on the door and very soon it was opened by a mouse am very hungry could you please give me something to eat what are you filling out the cold come in and warm yourself near the fire you can share my dinner I have some hot soup and cheese and bread thank you so much you are so kind soon Thumbelina head eating a nice meal prepared by the mouse and feeling tired she just wanted to sleep for sometime your house is so warm and cozy may i sleep here tonight and really tired after walking for so long well if you have nowhere to go you can certainly rest here in fact if you can keep my house neat and clean you can stay here for the whole winter can you do that of course thank you so much so Thumbelina spent the winter with the mouse one day the master Thumbelina please clean the house very well as i have a dear friend visiting me tomorrow friend isn't another Mouse No nol it's my good friend the mall oh he's so rich he has such a large home you know what I have a great idea if you could sing sweetly for my friend and tell him some nice stories he might even marry you even though he is blind he will look after you well and all your worries will be over when the mole came to visit he fell in love with thumbelina's beautiful voice and asks to marry her I'm so happy I'm sure you both will make a wonderful couple let us start making preparations for a summer wedding as the mole was leaving the whole leading to the mouse's house he kicked ass power lying don't take the poor little thing can't you see it's her where did this piece of filth come from these pesky things keep flying all over and don't bother to make home for winter the sparrow deserves to die Thumbelina was shocked at the moles behavior she can't imagine how anyone could be so cruel you poor Bernie i will nurse you back to help though the mouse got angry Thumbelina cared very lovingly for the sparrow till it was strong enough to fly away as her wedding day was coming closer and closer i can't marry that mole i would rather die not only is he stupid and ugly he is a total savage I can't imagine living all my life in a hole I want to be out in the Sun breathe the fresh air and see all the lovely flowers and birds i have to escape from the mouse and the mole suddenly Thumbelina heard a sound and looked up to see the sparrow she looked after my dear you are gentle and kind soul that horrible mole does not deserve you winter is soon going to come and Im flying away to a warm land what dont just hop onto my back and come with me I will take you far away from the mole and the mouse thank you thank you so much to your friend I have to escape from here so Thumbelina jumped onto the sparrows back and away away away they flew to the beautiful land of flowers we this is so wonderful the sparrow very gently put Thumbelina on the petal of a large yellow flower Thumbelina was tired after a long journey and immediately fell asleep the sparrow sat on the tree above looking after her a little later she woke up to the sound of a very gentle voice who is this pretty maiden I have never seen her here before Thumbelina got scared on seeing the stranger oh don't be afraid i am the king of flowers i have never seen anyone as beautiful as you will you be my queen suddenly thumbelina's friend the sparrow flew down and Thumbelina Thumbelina this is the king of flowers he is a very very kind man and everyone here loves him I know so my dear what do you say will you be my wife the king was so kind and handsome how could Thumbelina refuse and so she married the king and became the queen of flowers living happily ever after text Rumplestiltskin it's in a faraway land
there was a beautiful boy by which ran a stream and close to the stream was a
mill the owner of the mail live nearby with his beautiful and clever daughter Oh daughter I am so tired of leading a
poor man's life I wish we could also be rich and have
every comfort in the world just in the king of the country came passing by on a
hunting trip the King has come to our woods I can't believe it I have to try and
meet him yes this is a fine opportunity for me to
impress the king yeah the Miller is y to the king was down
before the king the Miller said Your Majesty I am indeed
honored to meet you won't you please come this way i would like you to meet
my beautiful and talented daughter really what special talents does your
daughter have that I would want to meet her her oh yes your majesty my daughter can
spin gold from straw now the king was a very wealthy man but
he was also greedy and the thought of making gold from straw obviously tempted
him really this I have to see bring your daughter to the palace this
evening the Miller went home to tell his daughter that the King wanted them to
present themselves to the palace that evening and both of them soon left for
the palace arriving at the palace the known and his daughter were quickly
ushered into meet the key the king was pleased to meet the miller
and his daughter and said your daughter is indeed beautiful and
now we will see how she spin straw into gold so saying the King led the daughter to a
room in the palace where there was a spinning wheel and a large pile of straw
now set to work and show us your talent all this strong must be spun into gold
by morning if you love your life the daughter tried to plead with the
king that it was just an empty boast that her father had made but all in vain
as the king did not listen and lock the room and went away oh my fate what does my father done how am I going to do this impossible
task just then a fun with old man hobbled into the room now pretty lass why do you weep so no sir I must spin
all the straw into gold by morning or the king will kill me I just don't know what to do hmm if I spin this straw into gold what will you give me can you really
help me something oh I will be so grateful let me see here i will give you my
necklace ok Lassie now stop crying and go sit
down and let me work the funny old man set himself at the spinning wheel were
were spinning wheel do as you are told all the straw in this
room spin into fine gold what an amazing sight wise as the
miller's daughter watched and surprise the power of strong was so turned into
gold the old man kinda and turn to leave home I don't know how to thank you sir I
don't know what I would have done without your help here is my necklace and didn't break the team came into the
room and lo and behold the sight that met his eyes make them glitter and shine I can't believe what I'm seeing now i
know you are truly talented however the Kings green became even more
and he planned to have miller's daughter spent even more gold next day tonight my idea you will again spin all
the straw in the room to gold before sunrise I am sure you can do it once more the
miller's daughter again sat down in this may not knowing what to do when the same
old funny man appeared again haha so you have to spend more gold tonight I
see Elsa please help me again and what will I get in return so I only have this ring left i will
gladly give it to you if you help me all right I shall help you again in return for the
ring and so the old man sat down again at the spinning wheel were spinning
wheel do as you are told all the straw in this
room spin into fine gold once again all the straw turned into
gold and the old man picked up the rain and left yeah the next morning when the King entered
the room and saw the gold he thought to himself she may be just a miller's daughter but
she is beautiful and can give me all the gold that I desire the King walked up to
the miller's daughter held her hands and told her my dear I am very impressed
with your beauty and talent tonight's you will be given even more
straw to spin and if you can turn it into gold again you shall be my queen so once again that night the miller's
daughter was locked in a room filled with straw soon the old man came visiting again
another room full of straw to spin so what are you going to give me today
to spin this into gold house am I have nothing more to give you but the king is said that if I spin all
this straw into gold tonight he will make nice queen then i can give you all that you desire
the old man kept thinking for some time and finally told the miller's daughter I have no desire for any wealth but you must promise me that you will
give me your first born child the miller's daughter looked at the old
man in amazement but she was so desperate and to know what else to do so she made the promise to the old man
he again said at the spinning wheel were spinning wheel do as you are told all the straw in this
room spin into fine gold yeah next morning the King entered the room
in his eyes shone when he saw all the gold my dear as i said i will now marry you and make
you my queen let there be rejoicing in the kingdom to
welcome the new queen the king and queen lived happily for
many years and we're blessed with a baby boy however by now the Queen had forgotten
her promise to the funny old man who had helped her until he came to visit her
one day when she was playing with her precious child I hope you remember me and I promise you
made to me o Queen the Queen was shocked and
dismayed on seeing the old man and could not even think of parting with her
bundle of joy and cried and begged before the old man sir please do not be so cruel do not take away my baby for me i will
give you anything you want gold precious stones land I have no use for these things I beg you sir please take pity on me my baby is so small the Queen's tears
finally move the old man and he said to her oh well where I give you three days need in these three days you guess my
name can you all baby the fear of losing her child
kept the Queen awake all night and she wrote down all the strange names that
she had ever heard of the next day the old man came and asked her his name is your name Benjamin Timothy
Jeremy the queen set all the names that she could think of but the old man said
that was not his name you have tried but what my name is a
guest you could not make you have two days more than your baby i
will take so saying the old man went away I have to somehow guess what the old
man's name is the cameras even think of giving my baby away Oh what shall I do the next day the
Queen dispatched messengers across the kingdom to find out all the possible
strange names however when the old man came though she
repeated all the names the messengers had given her she could not guess the
old man's name she was now extremely worried and
desperate she once again sent the messengers and told them to visit the
most remote corners of the kingdom to find any strange names they could the
messengers came back with no new names but one messenger told the Queen that he
wished to have work with her Your Majesty I could not find any new
names but I saw strange sight today as I was climbing down a hill I entered the forest and amongst the
tall trees was a small cottage there was a fire burning outside and a strange
figure dancing around it and see today I boot tomorrow I think and after
that the child I'll take never can the Queen guess that
Rumpelstiltskin is my name the Queen was overjoyed and rewarded the
messenger with gold and precious jewels huh now I'll see how he will take my baby
the funny old man the next day all the courtiers gather
around the Queen where she sat on her throne and the new stood beside her with
a baby in her arms when the old man arrived oh so i have
been thinking and thinking of what your name could be is at home is it Demi the Queen kept on saying
names and each time the old man kept shaking his head his small growing wider
and wider I can't think of any more names wait a
minute could you name be Rumple stilt skin the
old man was outraged on hearing this you could not have guessed my name some
which has told you some which has told you so angry was he that he stamped his
right foot with so much force that has sank into the floor he forcefully pulled it out with both
hands and made his way out limits the during of all the courtiers the Queen
was finally relieved and like tapping or after with the King and her baby 